

 Table of Contents 

                                                                             UNITED STATES 
                                                             SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
                                                                         Washington, D.C. 20549 

                                                                            FORM 10-K 
       [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

             For the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022 
                                                                                     OR 
       [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
                                                                     Commission file number: 0-23985 

                                                                              NVIDIA. 

                                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION 
                                                           (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                                         Delaware                                                                       94-3177549 
                              (State or other jurisdiction of                                                         (I.R.S. Employer 
                             Incorporation or Organization)                                                          Identification No.) 
                                                                       2788 San Tomas Expressway 
                                                                       Santa Clara, California 95051 
                                                                               (408) 486-2000 
                                (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of principal executive offices) 
                                                        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                  Title of each class                                      Trading Symbol(s)                          Name of each exchange on which registered 
     Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share                                      NVDA                                       The Nasdaq Global Select Market 
                                                        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
                                                                                    None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] No [X] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 
 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No 
 [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
 (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth 
 company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                                                                                                   Smaller reporting            Emerging growth 
           Large accelerated filer [X]     Accelerated filer    [ ] Non-accelerated filer    [ ]       company           [ ]        company           [ ] 

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial 
 accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.   [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial 
 reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [X] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [X] 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 30, 2021 was approximately $467.25 billion (based on the closing sales price of 
the registrant's common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on July 30, 2021). This calculation excludes 99 million shares held by directors and executive 
 officers of the registrant. This calculation does not exclude shares held by such organizations whose ownership exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common stock that 
 have represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or investment companies registered under section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 11, 2022 was 2.51 billion. 

                                                             DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A 
 not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this Annual 
 Report on Form 10-K. 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                                      NVIDIA CORPORATION 
                                                       TABLE OF CONTENTS 
                                                                                                                        Page 

                  PART I 

 Item 1.          Business                                                                                                       4 

 Item 1A.         Risk Factors                                                                                                  14 

 Item 1B.         Unresolved Staff Comments                                                                                     27 

 Item 2.          Properties                                                                                                    27 

 Item 3.          Legal Proceedings                                                                                             27 

 Item 4.          Mine Safety Disclosures                                                                                       28 

                  PART 

 Item 5.          Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
                  Securities                                                                                                    28 

 Item 6.          (Reserved)                                                                                                    29 

 Item 7.          Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations                         30 

 Item 7A.         Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                                    40 

 Item 8.          Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                                   41 

 Item 9.          Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                          41 

 Item 9A.         Controls and Procedures                                                                                       41 

 Item 9B.         Other Information                                                                                             41 

 Item 9C.         Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections                                           42 

                  PART III 

 Item 10.          Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance                                                       42 

 Item 11.          Executive Compensation                                                                                       42 

 Item 12.          Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters               42 

 Item 13.          Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence                                     43 

 Item 14.          Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                                                        43 

                   PART IV 

 Item 15.          Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules                                                                       44 

 Item 16.          Form 10-K Summary                                                                                             83 

 Signatures                                                                                                                      84 

                                                                 2 
<<<

Table of Contents 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website, press 
releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We also use the following social media channels as a means of disclosing 
information about the company, our products, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming investor and industry 
conferences, and other matters and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD: 
    NVIDIA Twitter Account (https://twitter.com/nvidia) 

    NVIDIA Corporate Blog (http://blogs.nvidia.com) 
    NVIDIA Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/nvidia) 
    NVIDIA Linkedin Page (http://www.linkedin.com/company/nvidia) 

    NVIDIA Instagram Page (https://www.instagram.com/nvidia) 
In addition, investors and others can view NVIDIA videos on YouTube (https://www.YouTube.com/nvidia). 
The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these accounts and 
the blog, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be updated from time to 
time. The information we post through these channels is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These channels may be updated from time 
to time on NVIDIA's investor relations website. 

Forward-Looking Statements 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the "safe harbor" created by those sections. 
Forward-looking statements are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. In 
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as "may," "will," "should," "could," "goal," "would," "expect," "plan," 
"anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "project," "predict," "potential" and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These 
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or 
achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward- 
looking statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under the 
heading "Risk Factors." Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We 
hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these 
forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking 
statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
All references to "NVIDIA," "we," "us," "our" or the "Company" mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
In addition, statements that "we believe" and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based 
upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable 
basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted 
an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are 
cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
@ 2022 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved. NVIDIA, the NVIDIA logo, GeForce, Quadro, BlueField, CUDA, CUDA-X, GeForce Experience, 
Geforce GTX, GeForce NOW, Geforce RTX, Jetson, Mellanox, DOCA, NGC, NVIDIA AGX, NVIDIA DGX, NVIDIA DRIVE, NVIDIA DRIVE 
Constellation, NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion, NVIDIA EGX, NVIDIA HGX, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA RTX, Quadro RTX, SHIELD, and vGPU are 
trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation and / or its affiliates in the United States and/or other countries. Other company and 
product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated. Features, pricing, availability, and specifications are 
subject to change without notice. 

                                                                        3 
<<<

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Our Company 
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, we 
have expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics 
and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, artificial intelligence, or 
Al, data science, autonomous vehicles, or AV, robotics, and augmented and virtual reality, or AR and VR. 
The GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates human 
intelligence, enabling a deeper understanding of the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by thousands of computing cores, 
are essential to running deep learning algorithms. This form of Al, in which software writes itself by learning from large amounts of data, can serve 
as the brain of computers, robots and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. GPU-powered deep learning is being adopted by 
thousands of enterprises to deliver services and products that would have been impossible with traditional coding. 
NVIDIA has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware and systems, software, algorithms and libraries, and services to create unique value for 
the markets we serve. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture 
leveraging our GPUs and software stacks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to support several multi-billion-dollar end markets 
with the same underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third party developers and partners. The 
large and growing number of developers across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and increases the value of our platform to our customers. 
Innovation is at our core. We have invested over $29 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essential 
to modern computing. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 defined modern computer graphics and established NVIDIA as the leader in computer 
graphics. With our introduction of the CUDA programming model in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of our GPU for general 
purpose computing. This approach significantly accelerates the most demanding high-performance computing, or HPC, applications in fields such as 
aerospace, bio-science research, mechanical and fluid simulations, and energy exploration. Today, our GPUs and networking accelerate many of 
the fastest supercomputers across the world. In addition, the massively parallel compute architecture of our GPUs and associated software are well 
suited for deep learning and machine learning, powering the era of Al. While traditional CPU-based approaches no longer deliver advances on the 
pace described by Moore's Law, we deliver GPU performance improvements on a pace ahead of Moore's Law, giving the industry a path forward. 
Gamers choose NVIDIA GPUs to enjoy immersive, increasingly cinematic virtual worlds. GPUs also help underpin the world's fastest growing 
spectator sport, eSports, which attracts hundreds of millions of viewers to watch top-quality gaming. In addition to serving the growing number of 
gamers, the market for gaming GPUs is expanding as a result of the burgeoning population of live streamers, broadcasters, artists and creators. 
Researchers use our GPUs to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating molecular dynamics to climate forecasting. With 
support for more than 2,500 applications - including the top 15 HPC applications - NVIDIA GPUs enable some of the most promising areas of 
discovery, from climate prediction to materials science and from wind tunnel simulation to genomics. Including GPUs and networking, NVIDIA 
powers over 70%, and 8 of the top 10, supercomputers on the global TOP500 list. 
The world's leading cloud service providers and consumer internet companies use our GPUs to enable, accelerate or enrich the services they 
deliver to billions of end-users, including search, recommendations, social networking, online shopping, live video, translation, Al assistants, 
navigation, and cloud computing. 
A rapidly growing number of enterprises and startups across a broad range of industries use our GPUs and Al software to bring automation to the 
products and services they build. The transportation industry is turning to our platforms for autonomous driving; the healthcare industry is leveraging 
them for enhanced medical imaging and accelerated drug discovery; and the financial services industry is using them for fraud detection. 
Professional designers use our GPUs and software to create visual effects in movies, and design buildings and products ranging from cell phones to 
commercial aircraft. 

                                                                          4 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. 
Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement 
On February 8, 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank Group Corp., or SoftBank, announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby 
NVIDIA would have acquired Arm Limited, or Arm, from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate because of significant regulatory challenges 
preventing the completion of the transaction. We intend to record in operating expenses a $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 
reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided at signing in September 2020. 

Our Businesses 
We report our business results in two segments. 
Our Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, and 
solutions for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; virtual GPU, or vGPU, software for cloud-based 
visual and virtual computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse software for building 3D designs and virtual worlds. 
Our Compute & Networking segment includes Data Center platforms and systems for AI, HPC, and accelerated computing; Mellanox networking 
and interconnect solutions; automotive Al Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, and autonomous vehicle solutions; cryptocurrency 
mining processors, or CMP; Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms; and NVIDIA Al Enterprise and other software. 

Our Markets 
We specialize in markets in which our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate 
processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our 
expertise is critical: Gaming, Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. 
Gaming 
Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the most predominant platform. Many factors propel computer gaming's growth, 
including new high production value games and franchises, the continued rise of competitive gaming or eSports, social connectivity and the demand 
for more content from game streamers, modders and creators. 
Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics. We 
developed NVIDIA RTX to bring next generation graphics and Al to games. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for real-time, cinematic- 
quality rendering. Ray tracing, which has long been used for special effects in the movie industry, is a computationally intensive technique that 
simulates the physical behavior of light to achieve greater realism in computer-generated scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deep learning super 
sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our Al technology that boosts frame rates while generating beautiful, sharp images for games. 
Our products for the gaming market include Geforce RTX and Geforce GTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW cloud 
gaming for playing PC games on underpowered devices, SHIELD for high quality streaming on TV, as well as platforms and development services 
for specialized console gaming devices. 
Data Center 
The NVIDIA computing platform is focused on accelerating the most compute-intensive workloads, such as Al, data analytics, graphics and scientific 
computing, across hyperscale, cloud, enterprise, public sector, and edge data centers. The platform consists of our energy efficient GPUs, data 
processing units, or DPUs, interconnects and systems, our CUDA programming model, and a growing body of software libraries, software 
development kits, or SDKs, which are both integrated and sold standalone, application frameworks and services. 
In the field of Al, NVIDIA's platform accelerates both deep learning and machine learning workloads. Deep learning is a computer science approach 
where neural networks are trained to recognize patterns from massive amounts of data in the form of images, sounds and text - in some instances 
better than humans - and in turn provide predictions in production use cases. Machine learning is a related approach that leverages algorithms as 
well as data to learn how to make determinations or predictions, and is often used in data science. HPC, also referred to as scientific computing, 
uses numerical computational approaches to solve large and complex problems. For both Al and HPC applications, the 

                                                                         5 
<<<

Table of Contents 

NVIDIA accelerated computing platform greatly increases the performance and power efficiency of high-performance computers and data centers. 
We are engaged with thousands of organizations working on Al in a multitude of industries, from automating tasks such as consumer product and 
service recommendations, to chatbots for the automation of or assistance with live customer interactions, to enabling fraud detection in financial 
services, to optimizing oil exploration and drilling. These organizations include the world's leading consumer internet and cloud services companies, 
enterprises and startups seeking to implement Al in transformative ways across multiple industries. We partnered with industry leaders such as 
Amazon, Inc., or Amazon, Alphabet Inc., or Alphabet, International Business Machines Corporation, or IBM, Microsoft Corporation, or Microsoft, 
Oracle Corporation, or Oracle, SAP SE, and VMware Inc. to bring Al to enterprise users. We also have partnerships in transportation, retail, 
healthcare, and manufacturing, among others, to accelerate the adoption of Al. 
At the foundation of the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform are our GPUs, which excel at parallel workloads such as the training and 
inferencing of neural networks. They are available in industry standard servers from every major computer maker, including Cisco Systems, Inc., or 
Cisco, Dell Technologies Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, or HP, Hitachi Vantara, Inspur Group, and Lenovo Group Limited; from every 
major cloud service provider such as Alicloud, Amazon Web Services, Baidu Cloud, Google Cloud, IBM Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Oracle Cloud, and 
Tencent Cloud; as well as in our DGX Al supercomputer, a purpose-built system for deep learning and GPU accelerated applications. To facilitate 
customer adoption, we have also built other ready-to-use system reference designs around our GPUs, including HGX for hyperscale and 
supercomputing data centers, EGX for enterprise and edge computing, and AGX for autonomous machines. 
Beyond GPUs, NVIDIA has expanded its data center processor portfolio to include DPUs, introduced in fiscal year 2021, and CPUs planned to ship 
in early fiscal year 2024. NVIDIA Bluefield DPU is supported by foundational data-center-infrastructure-on-a-chip software, or DOCA, that lets 
developers build software-defined, hardware-accelerated networking, security, storage and management applications for BlueField DPUs. Partners 
supporting Bluefield include many of the top security, storage and networking companies. We can optimize across the entire computing, networking 
and storage stack to deliver data center-scale computing solutions. 
While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including the CUDA 
parallel programming model, the CUDA-X collection of application acceleration libraries, Application Programming Interfaces, or APIs, SDKs and 
tools, and domain-specific application frameworks. We also offer the NVIDIA GPU Cloud registry, or NGC, a comprehensive catalog of easy-to-use, 
optimized software stacks across a range of domains including scientific computing, deep learning, and machine learning. With NGC, Al developers, 
researchers and data scientists can get started with the development of Al and HPC applications and deploy them on DGX systems, NVIDIA- 
Certified systems from our partners, or with NVIDIA's cloud partners. 
In addition to software that is delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing platform, we offer enterprise software products 
on a standalone basis as a perpetual license or subscription. Our enterprise software offerings include NVIDIA Al Enterprise, a comprehensive suite 
of enterprise-grade Al software; NVIDIA Fleet Command software-as-a-service for securely deploying and managing Al applications across 
distributed edge infrastructure; NVIDIA Base Command software-as-a-service for managing large-scale, multi-user and multi-team Al development 
workflows; and NVIDIA vGPU software products that enable powerful GPU performance for workloads ranging from graphics-rich virtual desktops 
and workstations to data science and Al. 
Professional Visualization 
We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their offerings for 
NVIDIA GPUs. Our GPU computing solutions enhance productivity and introduce new capabilities for critical workflows in many fields, such as 
design and manufacturing and digital content creation. Design and manufacturing encompass computer-aided design, architectural design, 
consumer-products manufacturing, medical instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content creation includes professional video editing and post- 
production, special effects for films, and broadcast-television graphics. 
The NVIDIA RTX platform makes it possible to render film-quality, photorealistic objects and environments with physically accurate shadows, 
reflections and refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystem 
partners now support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs and software. 

                                                                         6 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Designers who build the products we use every day need the images that they view digitally to mirror reality. This requires simulating the physical 
behavior of light and materials, or physically-based rendering. NVIDIA Omniverse is a virtual world simulation and collaboration platform for 3D 
workflows that is available as a software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Omniverse, VR and AR are being incorporated in 
a growing number of enterprise applications. Virtual car showrooms, surgical training, architectural walkthroughs, and bringing historical scenes to 
life all deploy these technologies, powered by our GPUs. 
Automotive 
NVIDIA's Automotive market is comprised of cockpit AV platforms, Al cockpit and infotainment solutions, and associated development agreements. 
Leveraging our technology leadership in Al and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-end 
solution for the AV market under the DRIVE brand. NVIDIA has demonstrated multiple applications of Al within the car: Al can drive the car itself as 
a pilot in fully autonomous mode or it can also be a co-pilot, assisting the human driver while creating a safer driving experience. 
NVIDIA is working with several hundred partners in the automotive ecosystem including automakers, truck makers, tier-one suppliers, sensor 
manufacturers, automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy Al systems for self-driving vehicles. 
Our unified Al computing architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our GPUs, and then running a full perception, planning and 
control stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion platform. The DRIVE Hyperion platform consists of the high-performance, energy 
efficient DRIVE AGX computing hardware, a reference sensor set that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE 
Software platform. We recently announced for future release the DRIVE Software platform that includes DRIVE Chauffeur - based on NVIDIA 
DRIVE AV software to enable autonomous driving, mapping and parking services; and Drive Concierge - based on NVIDIA DRIVE IX software for 
intelligent in-vehicle experiences and NVIDIA Omniverse Avatar software for real time conversational Al capability. 
NVIDIA DRIVE can perceive and understand in real-time what is happening around the vehicle, precisely locate itself on an HD map, and plan a 
safe path forward. This advanced self-driving car platform combines deep learning, sensor fusion, and surround vision to change the driving 
experience. Our DRIVE platform scales from a palm-sized, energy-efficient module for automated highway-driving capabilities to a configuration with 
multiple systems aimed at enabling driverless cars. Our newest system-on-a-chip, or SoC, Orin, which started shipping in fiscal year 2022, enables 
vehicles to use deep neural networks to process data from multiple cameras and sensors. It powers the DRIVE AutoPilot, NVIDIA's automated 
driving solution, combining the DRIVE AV self-driving solution with the DRIVE IX cockpit software, including a visualization system for allowing the 
driver to see what the car sees and plans to do. 
In addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution, NVIDIA DRIVE Constellation running DRIVE Sim software, for testing and 
validating a self-driving platform before commercial deployment. NVIDIA's unique end-to-end, software-defined approach is designed for continuous 
innovation and continuous development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new features and capabilities throughout the life of a 
vehicle. 

Business Strategies 
NVIDIA's key strategies that shape our overall business approach include: 
Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantly 
less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve problems that were previously 
deemed unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore's Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture, 
chip design, system, and software layers. With our acquisition of Mellanox, we strengthened our end-to-end expertise in data center architectures, 
positioning us for a future when the data center is the new unit of computing. This full-stack innovation approach allows us to deliver order-of- 
magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets, which include Gaming, Data Center, Professional 
Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying 
architecture leveraging our GPUs and CUDA as the fundamental building blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make 
leveraged investments in R&D: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety of 
software stacks developed either internally or by third party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets. 
Extending our technology and platform leadership in Al. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for deep learning 
and machine learning, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes GPUs, interconnects, systems, our CUDA programming language, 
algorithms, libraries, and other software. GPUs are uniquely suited to Al, and we will continue to add Al-specific features to our GPU architecture to 
further extend our leadership 

                                                                         7 
<<<

Table of Contents 

position. Our Al technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. Our GPU platforms are available from 
virtually every major server maker and cloud service provider, as well as on our own Al supercomputer. There are almost 3 million developers 
worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We evangelize Al through partnerships with 
hundreds of universities and almost 10,000 startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction on 
the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks in applications using our accelerated computing platform. 
Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics is fundamental to the continued 
expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance the user experience for consumer 
entertainment and professional visualization applications, and create new virtual world and simulation capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental 
in driving gaming forward, as developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized gaming experience on our GeForce platform. 
Our computer graphics platforms leverage not only our industry-leading GeForce and NVIDIA RTX GPUs, but also optimized software stacks. For 
example, GeForce Experience enhances each gamer's experience by optimizing their PC's settings, as well as enabling the recording and sharing 
of gameplay. Our Studio drivers enhance and accelerate a number of popular creative applications. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaboration 
and virtual world simulation software that empowers artists, designers and creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications. We 
also enable interactive graphics applications - such as games, movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any device, 
almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such as vGPU for enterprise and GeForce NOW for gaming. 
Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. We believe the advent of AV will soon revolutionize the transportation industry. In our view, 
Al is the key technology enabler of this opportunity, as the algorithms required for autonomous driving - such as perception, localization, and 
planning - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will run on multiple trained neural networks instead. Therefore, we provide a full 
functionally safe Al-based hardware and software solution for the AV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through our 
partnerships with automotive original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU- 
based hardware required to train the neural networks before their in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over- 
the-air software updates. We believe our comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve the 
complex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving. 
Leveraging our intellectual property, or IP. We believe our IP is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partners through 
license and development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products, or have us do so through a custom 
development. Such license and development arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology. 

Sales and Marketing 
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient computing 
platforms and software. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with end customers and various industry 
ecosystems through our partner network. Our partner network incorporates each industry's respective OEMs, original device manufacturers, or 
ODMs, system builders, add-in board manufacturers, or AIBs, retailers/distributors, ISVs, internet and cloud service providers, automotive 
manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, mapping companies, start-ups, and other ecosystem participants. 
Members of our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers and 
solution architects to assist our partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. We believe that 
the depth and quality of our design support are key to improving our partner network's time-to-market, maintaining a high level of customer 
satisfaction, and fostering relationships that encourage our end customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products within 
each platform. 
To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in 
the software development community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our 
platforms, as well as to ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program makes our products 
available to developers prior to launch in order to encourage the development of Al frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for software applications and game 
titles that are optimized for our platforms. Our Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in industries and 
organizations around the world to build Al and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms. 

                                                                        8 
<<<

Table of Contents 

As NVIDIA's business has evolved from a focus primarily on gaming products to broader markets, and from chips to platforms and complete 
systems to software, so, too, have our avenues to market. Thus, in addition to sales to customers in our partner network, certain of our platforms are 
also sold through e-tail channels, or direct to cloud service providers and enterprise customers. 

Seasonality 
Our computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as consumer gaming, enterprise and cloud data centers, professional workstations, 
and automotive. Our consumer products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. In addition, based on the production 
schedules of key customers, some of our products for notebooks and game consoles typically generate stronger revenue in the second and third 
quarters, and weaker revenue in the fourth and first quarters. In fiscal year 2022, our demand exceeded our supply in several areas, and our 
revenue did not follow historical seasonal patterns. However, there can be no assurance that these trends will continue. Our fiscal year 2022 supply- 
constrained environment or historical seasonality trends may not repeat. 

Manufacturing 
We do not manufacture semiconductors used for our products. Instead, we utilize a fabless manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ world-class 
suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. This strategy uses the expertise 
of industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality 
control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with owning and 
operating manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such as substrates 
and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most of the raw materials used in the production of our products. As a 
result, we can focus our resources on product design, additional quality assurance, marketing, and customer support. We have placed non- 
cancellable inventory orders for certain products in advance of our historical lead times, paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future 
supply and capacity and may need to continue to do so in the future. 
We utilize industry-leading suppliers, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited and Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd, to produce 
our semiconductor wafers. We then utilize independent subcontractors, such as Amkor Technology, King Yuan Electronics Co., Ltd., Omni Logistics, 
LLC, Siliconware Precision Industries Company Ltd., and Wistron Corporation to perform assembly, testing, and packaging of most of our products 
and platforms. We use contract manufacturers such as Flex Ltd., Jabil Inc., and Universal Scientific Industrial Co., Ltd., to manufacture our standard 
and custom adapter card products and switch systems, and Fabrinet to manufacture our cables. We purchase substrates from Ibiden Co. Ltd., 
Kinsus Interconnect Technology Corporation, and Unimicron Technology Corporation, and memory from Micron Technology, Samsung 
Semiconductor, Inc., or Samsung, and SK Hynix. We often consign key components or materials such as the GPU, SoC, memory, and integrated 
circuit to the contract manufacturers. 
We typically receive semiconductor products from our subcontractors, perform incoming quality assurance and configuration using test equipment 
purchased from industry-leading suppliers such as Advantest America Inc., and then ship the semiconductors to contract manufacturers, such as 
BYD Auto Co. Ltd. and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., distributors, motherboard and add-in card, or AIC, customers from our third-party 
warehouses in Hong Kong, Israel, and the United States. Generally, these manufacturers assemble and test the boards based on our design kit and 
test specifications, and then ship our products to retailers, system builders, or OEMs as motherboard and AIC solutions. 

Competition 
The market for our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believe 
that the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distribution 
channels, software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing, and total system costs. We believe 
that our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners will 
demand and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expect 
competition to increase from both existing competitors and new market entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours or may provide 
better performance or additional features not provided by our products. In addition, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among 
competitors could emerge and acquire significant market share. 
A significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, embedded SoCs, and other accelerated, Al 
computing processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect products based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, Fibre 
Channel and proprietary technologies. Some of our 

                                                                        9 
<<<

Table of Contents 

competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be more able to adapt to customer 
or technological changes. We expect an increasingly competitive environment in the future. 
Our current competitors include: 
    ·   suppliers and licensors designing discrete and integrated GPUs, custom chips and other accelerated computing solutions, such as 
        Advanced Micro Devices, or AMD, and Intel Corporation, or Intel; 
    ·   large internet services companies with internal teams designing chips that incorporate accelerated computing functionality as part of their 
        internal solutions or platforms, such as Alibaba Group, Alphabet, and Amazon; 
    ·   suppliers of SoC products that are embedded into automobiles, autonomous machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD, 
        Broadcom Inc., Intel, Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Electronics Corporation, and Samsung, or companies with internal teams designing 
        SoC products for internal use, such as Tesla Motors; and 
        suppliers of interconnect, switch and cable solutions such as AMD, Applied Optoelectronics, Inc., Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco, HP, 
        Intel, Juniper Networks, Inc., Lumentum Holdings, and Marvell Technology Group, as well as internal teams of system vendors and large 
        internet services companies such as Alphabet and Amazon. 

Patents and Proprietary Rights 
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, and licensing 
arrangements to protect our IP in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates from February 2022 to 
June 2045. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents and pending 
patent applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used in connection with our products. We also rely on international treaties, 
organizations, and foreign laws to protect our IP. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, 
including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreased 
protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal 
protection for particular innovations and technologies based on such factors as: 
    ·   the location in which our products are manufactured; 
    ·   our strategic technology or product directions in different countries; 
    ·   the degree to which IP laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and 
    ·   the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions. 
We have licensed technology from third parties and expect to continue to enter into such license agreements. 

Government Regulations 
Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. Our 
acquisitions may be subject to government regulatory reviews, and the cost to comply with such regulations or costs incurred where regulatory 
challenges prevent the completion of an acquisition could have a material impact on our business. On February 8, 2022, we announced the 
termination of the Share Purchase Agreement by which we would have acquired Arm due to significant regulatory challenges preventing the 
completion of the transaction and expect to incur a $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Compliance with laws, rules, and 
regulations has not otherwise had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position and we do not 
currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, 
including, but not limited to, those pertaining to IP ownership and infringement, taxes, import and export requirements and tariffs, anti-corruption, 
business acquisitions, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising, 
employment, product regulations, cybersecurity, environmental, health and safety requirements, the responsible use of Al, climate change, 
cryptocurrency, and consumer laws, could increase our costs, impact our competitive position, and otherwise may have a material adverse impact 
on our business, financial condition and results of operations in subsequent periods. Refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of these 
potential impacts. 

                                                                        10 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance 

NVIDIA invents computing technologies that improve lives and address global challenges. We integrate sound environmental, social and corporate 
governance, or ESG, principles and practices into every aspect of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our 
Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our practices concerning ESG. We undertake an annual analysis to 
ensure that our ESG priorities remain aligned with stakeholder expectations, market trends, and business risks and opportunities. These issues are 
important for our continued business success and reflect the topics of highest concern to NVIDIA and our stakeholders. 
The following section provides an overview of some of these principles and practices. More information can be found on the Corporate Social 
Responsibility section of our website and in our annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report, or CSR Report. Information contained on our website 
or in our annual CSR Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or 
the SEC. Refer to "Item 1A. Risk Factors" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties we face related to ESG. 
Climate Change 
In the area of sustainability, we address our climate impacts across our product lifecycle and assess risks, including current and emerging 
regulations and market impacts. 
In our CSR Report, we report several metrics related to our environmental impact, our most recent full reporting year being fiscal year 2021, with our 
fiscal year 2022 metrics expected to be published in May 2022. There has been no material impact to capital expenditures, our results of operations 
or competitive position associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, or costs from sourcing renewable energy. By the end of fiscal 
year 2025, our goal is to purchase or generate enough renewable energy to match 100% of our global electricity usage for our offices and data 
centers. 

Whether it is creation of technology to power next-generation laptops or designs to support high-performance supercomputers, improving energy 
efficiency is important in our research, development, and design processes. GPUs are inherently more energy efficient than other forms of 
computing because they are optimized for throughput and performance per watt rather than absolute performance. GPU servers are approximately 
40x more energy efficient than traditional CPU servers for Al workloads. The power efficiency of our products is evidenced by our continued strong 
presence on the Green500 list of the most energy-efficient systems. We powered 23 of the top 25 systems on the November 2021 Green500 list. 

We plan to build Earth-2, an Al supercomputer dedicated to predicting the impacts of climate change. The system will build a digital twin of the Earth 
on our Omniverse platform, enable scientists to do ultra-high-resolution climate modeling, and put mitigation and adaptation tools into the hands of 
cities and nations so they can act with more urgency. 

Human Capital Management 
We believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and they play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As of January 30, 
2022, we had 22,473 employees in 32 countries. 16,242 were engaged in research and development and 6,231 were engaged in sales, marketing, 
operations, and administrative positions. 
To be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must recruit, develop, and retain talented employees, including qualified 
executives, scientists, engineers, and technical and non-technical staff. 
Recruitment 
The demand for talent in new markets such as Al and deep learning, is increasingly competitive. With differentiated hiring strategies for university, 
professional, executive, and for diversity, we have been successful in attracting top talent to NVIDIA. 
We attract global talent from universities, collaborations with college programs, professional organization affiliations, industry conferences, 
community resource group participation, direct sourcing and outreach. Our employees play an important part in recruiting, with over 39% of our new 
hires coming from employee referrals. 
Development and Retention 
To support employee advancement, we provide opportunities to learn on-the-job through training programs, one on one coaching and ongoing 
feedback. We have a rich library of live and on-demand learning experiences that include workshops, panel discussions, and speaker forums. We 
curate learning paths focused on our most common 

                                                                        11 
<<<

Table of Contents 

development needs and constantly upgrade our offerings to ensure that our employees are exposed to the most current programs and technologies 
available. We offer tuition reimbursement programs to subsidize educational programs and advanced certifications. We encourage internal mobility 
through career coaching that advises employees on developmental activities and pursuing internal transfer opportunities. We have implemented 
specifically designed mentoring and development programs for women and employees from traditionally underrepresented groups to ensure 
widespread readiness for future advancement. 
To evaluate employee sentiment and engagement, we use pulse surveys, a suggestion box, and an anonymous third-party platform. Pulse surveys 
help us gain insight into employee experience and provide ideas so that we can prioritize areas to take action. The suggestion box is an always-on, 
interactive tool where employees share their thoughts about making our company a better place to work. The anonymous third-party platform is 
designed to protect the identity of the reporter and provide a mechanism for reporters to follow an investigation and receive responses. 
In fiscal year 2022, our overall turnover rate was 4.9%. 
Compensation, Benefits, and Well-Being 
Our compensation program rewards performance and is structured to encourage employees to invest in the Company's future. Employees receive 
equity, except where unavailable due to local regulations, that is tied to the value of our stock price and vests over time to retain employees while 
simultaneously aligning their interests with those of our stockholders. 
We offer comprehensive benefits to support our employees' and their families' physical health, well-being and financial health, including 401(k) 
programs in the U.S., statutory pension programs outside the U.S., our employee stock purchase program, flexible work hours and time off, and 
programs to address mental health, stress, and time-management challenges. We evaluate our benefit offerings globally and are committed to 
providing tailored benefits based on community needs, including assistance for military members, additional mental health benefits, and support for 
new birth parents, and those who wish to become parents. 
Diversity and Inclusion 
We believe that diverse teams fuel innovation, and we are committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all employees, regardless of 
gender, gender identity or expression, veteran status, race, ethnicity, or ability. 
We have increased our efforts to recruit, develop, and retain a more diverse workforce with a focus on those historically underrepresented in the 
technology field, including women, Black/African American, and Hispanic/Latino candidates. 
Other efforts we have been or are undertaking include: 
        Expanded recruiting teams and deepened our college pipeline to engage more diverse students and partnering with minority-serving 
        institutions and professional organizations; 
    ·   Supported the development of women employees to build a pipeline of future leaders; 
    ·   Supported underrepresented employees through our 11 internal community resource groups; 
        Providing training and education to managers and peers on how to foster a supportive environment; and 
        Measuring year over year progress and providing leadership visibility on diversity efforts. 
As of January 30, 2022, our global workforce was 80% male, 19% female, and 1% not declared and 6% of our workforce in the United States was 
composed of Black or African American and Hispanic or Latino employees. 
Health and COVID-19 
We support our people and their families in making their health and safety a top priority. During fiscal year 2022 and the COVID-19 pandemic, we 
continued our global protocols to keep our workforce safe. For essential labs and offices that remain open, we maintained appropriate safety 
protocols and social distancing guidelines. We have also made some of our offices accessible based on a clearly defined set of metrics while 
adhering to government guidelines. Steps we took to support employees include: 
    ·   Providing work from home support, including reimbursement for home office equipment and certain work from home expenses; 

                                                                       12 
<<<

 Table of Contents 

         Enhanced health coverage, including-COVID-19 testing, vaccine costs and support, expanded mental health resources and virtual care 
         offerings, and care for those with COVID-19; 
     ·   Learning and development resources on how to lead and manage remotely; and 
         Opportunities for employees to socially connect with one another virtually. 
 We will continue a flexible work environment and have instituted Company-wide "rest days" for employees to recharge. 

 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers, their ages and positions as of March 11, 2022: 
                       Name                               Age                     Position 
                  Jen-Hsun Huang                           59         President and Chief Executive Officer 
                  Colette M. Kress                         54         Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
                    Ajay K. Puri                           67         Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations 
                  Debora Shoquist                          67         Executive Vice President, Operations 
                  Timothy S. Teter                         55         Executive Vice President and General Counsel 

 Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors 
 since our inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a variety 
 of positions including as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessor 
 designer for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a semiconductor company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and an 
 M.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University. 
 Colette M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently served 
 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at Cisco Systems, Inc., a 
 networking equipment company, since 2010. At Cisco, Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business 
 development for all business segments, engineering and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kress held a variety of positions at Microsoft 
 Corporation, a software company, including, beginning in 2006, Chief Financial Officer of the Server and Tools division, where Ms. Kress was 
 responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for the division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eight 
years at Texas Instruments Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety of finance positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree in 
 Finance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University. 
 Ajay K. Puri joined NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations 
 in 2009. Prior to NVIDIA, he held positions in sales, marketing, and general management over a 22-year career at Sun Microsystems, Inc., a 
 computing systems company. Mr. Puri previously held marketing, management consulting, and product development positions at Hewlett-Packard 
 Company, an information technology company, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., a management and technology consulting company, and Texas 
 Instruments Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of Minnesota, an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute of 
 Technology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School. 
 Debora Shoquist joined NVIDIA in 2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of Operations. Prior 
 to NVIDIA, Ms. Shoquist served from 2004 to 2007 as Executive Vice President of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp., a provider of communications 
 test and measurement solutions and optical products for the telecommunications industry. She served from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice President 
 and General Manager of the Electro-Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer of commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, she 
 worked at Quantum Corp., a data protection company, as President of the Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-Packard 
 Corp. Ms. Shoquist holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Kansas State University and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara 
 University. 
 Timothy S. Teter joined NVIDIA in 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and became Executive Vice President, General 
 Counsel and Secretary in February 2018. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than two decades at the law firm of Cooley LLP, where he focused 
 on litigating patent and technology related matters. Prior to attending law school, he worked as an engineer at Lockheed Missiles and Space 
 Company. Mr. Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Davis and a J.D. degree from Stanford Law 
 School. 

                                                                        13 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed 
or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on or through our website, 
http://www.nvidia.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, or the SEC. The SEC's website, http://www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information 
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our web site and the information on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Report 
on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
In evaluating NVIDIA, the following risk factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Purchasing or owning NVIDIA common stock involves investment risks including, but not limited to, the risks described below. Any one of the 
following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline, and you 
may lose all or a part of your investment. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are 
immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. 

Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets 
If we fail to meet the evolving needs of our markets, or to identify new products, services or technologies, our revenue and financial 
results may be adversely impacted. 
Our accelerated computing platforms address four large markets: Gaming, Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. These markets 
experience rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, new product introductions and enhancements, and industry standards. 
Our strategic and business success depends on our ability to: 
    ·   timely identify emerging industry changes, and develop new or enhance existing products, services and technologies that meet the evolving 
        needs of these markets; 
    ·   expand the ecosystem for our products and technologies; 
    ·   accurately forecast demand in our businesses; 
    ·   meet customer safety and compliance standards, which are subject to change; 
    ·   manage product, software, and service lifecycles to maintain customer and end user satisfaction; 
    ·   develop infrastructure needed to scale our business, including related to our acquisitions, customer support, e-commerce and IP licensing 
        capabilities; and 
    ·   complete technical, financial, compliance, sales and marketing investments for some of the above activities. 
We make considerable investments in research and development and business offerings in markets where we have a limited operating history, 
which may not produce meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. If we fail to develop new products, services and technologies, or if they do not 
become widely adopted, our business, revenue, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
Achieving design wins, which is important to our success in several businesses, may involve a lengthy process and depend on our ability to 
anticipate features and functionality that customers will demand. Unanticipated changes in industry standards or disruptive technological innovation 
could render our products incompatible with products developed by other companies. If our products are not in compliance with prevailing industry 
and safety standards, our customers may not incorporate our products into their design strategies. Failure to obtain a particular design win may 
prevent us from obtaining future design wins in subsequent generations. Furthermore, a design win does not guarantee revenue. 
We cannot ensure that our strategic direction will result in products and technologies that provide value to our customers and partners. If we fail to 
anticipate the changing needs of our target markets and emerging technology trends, or if we do not appropriately adapt our strategies as market 
conditions evolve, our business will be harmed. 

                                                                         14 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Competition in our current and target markets could prevent us from growing our revenue. 
Our target markets remain competitive, and competition may intensify with expanding and changing product and service offerings, industry 
standards, customer needs, new entrants and consolidations. Our competitors' products, services and technologies, such as the high-end discrete 
GPUs offered by Intel and AMD, may be cheaper or provide better functionality or features than ours, which may result in lower than expected 
selling prices for our products. Some of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities, have longer operating histories, larger customer 
bases, more comprehensive IP portfolios and patent protections, new designs and more design wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing and 
distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be able to more effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new markets and 
end user customer trends, more quickly transition their products, and secure sufficient foundry capacity and packaging materials during a supply- 
constrained environment, which could harm our business. In our networking business, some of our customers are also integrated circuit and switch 
suppliers and have in-house expertise and internal development capabilities similar to ours. Licensing our technology and supporting such 
customers entails the transfer of IP rights that may enable such customers to develop their own solutions to replace those we are providing. If we 
are unable to successfully compete and respond to changes in our target markets or introduce new offerings to meet the needs of this competitive 
environment, demand for our products, services and technologies could decrease, which would cause our revenue to decline. 

Risks Related to Demand, Supply and Manufacturing 
If we fail to estimate customer demand properly, there may be a mismatch between supply and demand, and our financial results could 
be harmed. 
Demand for our products is based on many factors, including our product introductions and transitions, time to market, competitor product releases 
and announcements, competing technologies, and other factors, all of which can impact the timing and volume of our revenue. We sell many of our 
products through channel partners, who sell to retailers, distributors, and/or end customers. As a result, the decisions made by our channel partners, 
retailers and distributors in response to changing market conditions and demand for our products could impact our ability to properly forecast 
demand. 

GPUs have use cases in addition to their designed and marketed use case, such as for digital currency mining, including blockchain-based 
platforms such as Ethereum. It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency 
mining, or forecast the future impact of cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new 
compute technologies, price changes in cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards, and 
changes in the method of verifying blockchain transactions, have impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our 
products, and can further impact our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, but 
not limited to, the pending Ethereum 2.0 standard may decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining as well as create increased aftermarket 
resales of our GPUs, impact retail prices for our GPUs, increase returns of our products in the distribution channel, and may reduce demand for our 
new GPUs. We have introduced Lite Hash Rate, or LHR, GeForce GPUs with limited Ethereum mining capability and increased the supply of CMP 
in an effort to address demand from gamers and direct miners to CMP. However, if attempts in the aftermarket to improve the hash rate capabilities 
of our LHR cards are successful, our gaming cards may become more attractive to miners, increasing demand for our gaming GPUs and limiting our 
ability to supply our gaming cards to non-mining customers. We cannot predict whether our strategy of using LHR cards and CMP will achieve our 
desired outcome. In addition, our products may be resold on the unauthorized "gray market," which also makes demand forecasting difficult. Gray 
market products compete with our distribution channels. 
Consumer and enterprise behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic, such as increased demand for our Gaming, Data Center, and workstation 
products, has made it more difficult for us to estimate future demand. These challenges may continue in the future when the effects of the pandemic 
subside. 

Our manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases, extend to be twelve months or longer, which requires us to make estimates of 
customers' future demand. We have revised our process for purchasing supply as a result of the worldwide supply shortages impacting the 
semiconductor industry. Our inventory and purchase commitments reflect our demand expectations for our future quarters and long-term supply and 
capacity needs. These conditions could lead to a significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or excess 
inventory. Demand for our products may be perishable or may disappear, which would make our demand forecast more uncertain and cause us to 
lose market share, perhaps permanently. To shorten shipment lead times, we may build finished products and carry inventory for anticipated 
demand that does not materialize. We may not be able to reduce our inventory purchase commitments if customers cancel or defer orders or 
choose to purchase from our competitors. We may write-down our 

                                                                        15 
<<<

Table of Contents 

inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or excess inventory, and we could experience a reduction in average selling prices if we 
incorrectly forecast product demand. 
Situations that may result in excess inventory or related impairments include: 
    ·   changes in business and economic conditions resulting in decreased consumer confidence, including downturns in our target markets 
        and/or overall economy and changes in the credit market; 
    ·   higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology or customer requirements; 
    ·   new product introductions resulting in less demand for existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand due to unexpected end use cases; 
    ·   increase in demand for competitive products, including competitive actions; 
    ·   fluctuations in demand for our products related to cryptocurrency mining; or 
    ·   decrease in future demand, decrease in the cost of supply chain materials, or changes in the design of future products where we have 
        entered into long-term supply commitments, including prepayments, particularly to the extent we are placing orders well in advance of our 
        historical lead times and/or before the design of those products is final. 
Conversely, if we underestimate our customers' demand for our products, our foundry partners may not have adequate lead-time or capacity to 
increase production and we may not be able to obtain sufficient inventory to fill orders on a timely basis. We may also face supply constraints 
caused by natural disasters or other events. If we are able to increase production levels to meet customer demand, we may not be able to do so in a 
cost-effective or timely manner. If we fail to fulfill our customers' orders on a timely basis, or at all, our customer relationships could be damaged, we 
could lose revenue and market share and our reputation could be damaged. 
In periods of shortages impacting the semiconductor industry and/or limited supply or capacity in our supply chain, as we are in today, we have 
placed and may continue to place non-cancellable inventory orders in advance of our historical lead times, and pay premiums and/or provide 
deposits to secure future supply and capacity. For example, while we previously placed orders with approximately six months' lead time, we have 
begun placing orders at least twelve months in advance. Our inventory and purchase commitments reflect our demand expectations for our future 
quarters and long-term supply and capacity needs. However, we may not be able to accurately predict when such periods of shortage will end, nor 
do we know whether those inventory orders accurately address our current and future demand needs. These actions may increase our product 
costs and trigger significant excess inventory or other charges if there is a partial or complete reduction in long-term demand for our products or if 
such demand is served by our competitors, which could negatively impact our gross margins and our overall financial results. 
We depend on third parties and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test, package or design our products, which reduces our 
control over product quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, development, enhancement and product delivery schedule and could 
harm our business. 
We do not manufacture the semiconductors used for our products and do not own or operate a wafer fabrication facility. We depend on foundries to 
manufacture our semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. We do not assemble, test or package our products, but 
instead contract with independent subcontractors. We also rely on third-party software development tools to assist us in the design, simulation and 
verification of new products or product enhancements. The design requirements necessary to meet consumer demands for greater functionality from 
our products may exceed the capabilities of available software development tools. While we may enter into long-term supply and capacity 
commitments, we may not be able to secure sufficient commitments for capacity to address our business needs. We face several risks which could 
adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand and scale our supply chain, negatively impact longer-term demand for our products and 
services, and adversely affect our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results, including: 
    ·   lack of guaranteed supply of wafers, components and capacity or decommitment and potential higher wafer and component prices, from 
        incorrectly estimating demand and failing to place orders with our suppliers with sufficient quantities or in a timely manner; 
    ·   failure by our foundries or contract manufacturers to procure raw materials or to provide adequate levels of manufacturing or test capacity 
        for our products; 

                                                                          16 
<<<

Table of Contents 

        failure by our foundries to develop, obtain or successfully implement high quality process technologies, including transitions to smaller 
        geometry process technologies such as advanced process node technologies and memory designs needed to manufacture our products; 
    ·   limited number of global suppliers, foundries, contract manufacturers, assembly and test providers, and memory manufacturers; 
        loss of a supplier and additional expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying a new foundry or subcontractor and commencing 
        volume production or testing in the event of a loss of or a decision to add or change a supplier; 
    ·   lack of direct control over product quantity, quality and delivery schedules; 
    ·   delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the event our subcontractors or foundries 
        prioritize our competitors' orders over ours; and 
    ·   low manufacturing yields resulting from a failure in our product design or a foundry's proprietary process technology. 
If our products contain significant defects, we could incur significant expenses to remediate such defects, our reputation could be 
damaged, and we could lose market share. 
Our hardware and software product offerings are complex and may contain defects or security vulnerabilities, or experience failures or 
unsatisfactory performance due to any number of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials and/or use within a system. These risks may 
increase as our products are introduced into new devices, markets, technologies and applications or as new versions are released. Some errors in 
our products or services may only be discovered after a product or service has been shipped or used. Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products 
or services could expose our end customers to unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy malicious software programs that could attack 
our products or services. Defects or failure of our products to perform to specifications could lead to substantial damage to the products or the 
product in which our device has been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIBs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers, and to the user of such end product. Any 
such defect may cause us to incur significant warranty, support and repair or replacement costs as part of a product recall or otherwise, write-off the 
value of related inventory, and divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts to find and correct the issue. 
An error or defect in new products or releases or related software drivers after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to 
achieve market acceptance, loss of design wins, and harm to our relationships with existing and prospective customers and partners and 
consumers' perceptions of our brand, which would in turn negatively impact our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results. 
We may be required to reimburse our customers, partners or consumers, including for costs to repair or replace products in the field. If a product 
liability claim is brought against us, the cost of defending the claim could be significant and would divert the efforts of our technical and management 
personnel and harm our business. Further, our business liability insurance may be inadequate or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable 
terms, which could adversely impact our financial results. 

Risks Related to Our Global Operating Business 
We are subject to risks and uncertainties associated with international operations, including adverse economic conditions, which may 
harm our business. 
We conduct our business and have offices worldwide. Our semiconductor wafers are manufactured, assembled, tested and packaged by third 
parties located outside of the United States and we generated 84% of our revenue for fiscal year 2022 from sales outside of the United States. The 
global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations, including: 
    ·   domestic and international economic and political conditions between countries in which we do business; 
    ·   differing legal standards with respect to protection of IP and employment practices; 
    ·   domestic and international business and cultural practices that differ; 
    ·   disruptions to capital markets and/or currency fluctuations; and 

                                                                         17 
<<<

Table of Contents 

        natural disasters, acts of war or other military actions, terrorism, public health issues, and other catastrophic events. 

Adverse changes in global, regional or local economic conditions, including recession or slowing growth, changes or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary, 
or trade policy, higher interest rates, tighter credit, inflation, lower capital expenditures by businesses including on IT infrastructure, increases in 
unemployment, and lower consumer confidence and spending, periodically occur. More recently, increased inflation may impact supply, employee, 
facilities and infrastructure costs. To the extent such inflation continues, increases or both, it may reduce our margins and have a material adverse 
effect on our financial performance. 

Economic and industry uncertainty or changes could have adverse, wide-ranging effects on our business and financial results, including: 
    ·   decrease in demand for our products, services and technologies and those of our customers or licensees; 
    ·   the inability of our suppliers to deliver on their supply commitments to us; 
    ·   our customers' or our licensees' inability to supply products to customers and/or end users; 
    ·   the insolvency of key suppliers, distributors, customers or licensees; 
    ·   limits on our ability to forecast operating results and make business decisions; 
    ·   difficulties in obtaining capital; 

        reduced profitability may also cause some customers to scale back operations, exit businesses, merge with other manufacturers, or file for 
        bankruptcy protection and potentially cease operations; 
        lead to consolidation or strategic alliances among other equipment manufacturers, which could adversely affect our ability to compete 
        effectively; and 
        increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impacts 
        on our suppliers, failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of our 
        financial instruments. 

We have engineering, sales support operations and manufacturing located in Israel. The State of Israel and companies with business in Israel have 
been and could in future be the subject of an economic boycott. Other countries have and may continue in the future restrict business with the State 
of Israel and companies with Israeli operations. Such laws and policies may have adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 

Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business. 
Climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and those of our customers, partners and vendors. Water and energy 
availability and reliability in the communities where we conduct business is critical. We have facilities in regions that may be vulnerable to the 
impacts of extreme weather events. Extreme heat and wind coupled with dry conditions in Northern California may lead to power safety shut offs 
due to wildfire risk. These measures can have adverse implications for our Santa Clara, California headquarter offices and data centers, including 
impairing the ability of our employees to work effectively. Climate change, its impact on our supply chain and critical infrastructure worldwide, and its 
potential to increase political instability in regions where we, our customers, partners and our vendors do business, may disrupt our business and 
may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and costs to maintain or resume operations. Although we maintain a program of insurance 
coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability and cost. 
Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions, and our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses 
not covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 
Our operations, products and services, as well as those of our suppliers and customers, may also be subject to climate-related laws, regulations and 
lawsuits. Regulations such as carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, and pollution limits could result in greater direct costs, including costs associated 
with changes to manufacturing processes or the procurement of raw materials used in manufacturing processes, increased levels of capital 
expenditures to improve facilities and equipment, and higher compliance and energy costs to reduce emissions, as well as greater indirect costs 
resulting from our customers, suppliers or both incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. These costs and restrictions could 
harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our 

                                                                         18 
<<<

Table of Contents 

operations and product design activities. Stakeholder groups may find us insufficiently responsive to the implications of climate change, and 
therefore we may face legal action or reputational harm. We may not achieve our stated goal to source 100% of our global electricity use from 
renewable energy by the end of fiscal year 2025, which could harm our reputation, or we may incur additional, unexpected costs to achieve such a 
goal. We may also experience contractual disputes due to supply chain delays arising from climate change-related disruptions, which could result in 
increased litigation and costs. 
We also face risks related to business trends that may be influenced by climate change concerns. We may face decreased demand for 
computationally powerful but energy intensive products, such as our GPUs, despite their energy efficient design and operation, and/or increased 
consumer or customer expectations around the energy efficiency of our products, could negatively impact our business. 
We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfully 
integrate acquisition targets, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products. 
We have and may continue to acquire and invest in businesses that offer products, services and technologies that we believe will help expand or 
enhance our existing strategic objectives. 
Acquisitions or investments involve significant challenges and risks and could impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell 
our products and ultimately could have a negative impact on our financial results. Given that our resources are limited, if we pursue a particular 
transaction, we may limit our ability to enter into other transactions that could help us achieve our strategic objectives. If we are unable to timely 
complete acquisitions, including due to delays and challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals, we may be unable to pursue other transactions, we 
may not be able to retain critical talent from the target company, technology may evolve and make the acquisition less attractive, and other changes 
can take place which could reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction and negatively impact our business. For example, on February 8, 
2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby NVIDIA would have acquired Arm from 
SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate because of significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. We intend to 
record in operating expenses a $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided at 
signing in September 2020. In addition, to the extent that our perceived ability to consummate acquisitions has been harmed, future acquisitions 
may be more difficult, complex or expensive. Further, if we hold investments in publicly traded companies, they could create volatility in our results 
and may generate losses up to the value of the investment. 
Risks related to acquisitions or strategic investments include, but are not limited to: 
    ·   difficulty in integrating the technology, products, or operations and integrating and retaining the employees of the acquired business; 
    ·   diversion of capital and other resources, including management's attention; 
    ·   assumption of liabilities and incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets; 
    ·   integrating accounting, forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles; 
        coordinating and integrating operations, particularly in countries in which we do not currently operate; 
    ·   difficulty in realizing a satisfactory return and uncertainties to realize the benefits of an acquisition or strategic investment, if at all; 
    ·   difficulty or inability in obtaining governmental, regulatory approval or restrictions or other consents and approvals or financing; 
    ·   Stock price impact, fines, fees or reputation harm if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition or are otherwise unable to 
        close an acquisition; 
    ·   legal proceedings initiated as a result of an acquisition or investment; 
    ·   potential issuances of debt to finance our acquisitions, resulting in increased debt, increased interest expense, and compliance with debt 
        covenants or other restrictions; 

                                                                         19 
<<<

Table of Contents 

    ·   the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities; 
        the potential variability of the amount and form of any performance-based consideration; 
    ·   negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which we or our target operate; 
        potential failure of our due diligence processes to identify significant issues with the assets or company in which we are investing or are 
        acquiring; and 
    ·   impairment of relationships with, or loss of our or our target's employees, vendors and customers, as a result of our acquisition or 
        investment. 

System security and data protection breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected revenue and 
increase our expenses, which could adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation. 
Security breaches, computer malware, social-engineering attacks, denial-of-service attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or 
hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, and other cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated, making it more difficult 
to successfully detect, defend against them or implement adequate preventative measures. 
For example, on February 23, 2022, we became aware of a security incident involving unauthorized access to our network by a group of 
independent criminal threat actors, not affiliated with any government or political cause. The threat actors obtained NVIDIA network credentials and 
through deception, obtained two-factor authentication capability and access to our network. The threat actors misappropriated certain NVIDIA 
proprietary information, including NVIDIA source code, and leaked some of that information online. Upon learning of the security incident, we 
engaged in remedial and preventative actions, rotated all NVIDIA network credentials to prevent further unauthorized access, hardened our network, 
analyzed the information that the threat actors exfiltrated, and notified law enforcement and other authorities. 
Cyber-attacks, including ransomware attacks by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, may become 
more prevalent and severe. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by the attack, or if 
restoring from backups is delayed or not feasible. 
Threat actors, sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks. 
Due to increasing geopolitical conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of cyber-attacks. 
Furthermore, we rely on products and services provided by third party suppliers to operate certain critical business systems, including without 
limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, and other functions, which exposes us to supply- 
chain attacks or other business disruptions. We cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our partners' supply 
chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our 
information technology systems, including our products and services, or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. 
Our ability to monitor these third parties' information security practices is limited, and these may not have adequate information security measures in 
place. In addition, if one of our third-party suppliers suffers a security breach, our response may be limited or more difficult because we may not 
have direct access to their systems, logs and other information related to the security breach. 
To defend against cyber-attacks, we must continuously engineer more secure products and enhance security and reliability features, which is 
expected to result in increased expenses. We must also continue to develop our security measures, ensure our suppliers have appropriate security 
measures in place, and continue to meet the evolving security requirements of our customers. We may not always be able to detect vulnerabilities in 
our security controls, systems or software, including third-party software we have installed, as such threats and techniques change frequently and 
may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures 
designed to address identified vulnerabilities. 
Breaches of our security measures, along with reported or perceived vulnerabilities or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or 
sensitive or confidential data about us or third parties could expose us and the parties affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, 
potentially resulting in litigation and subsequent liability, regulatory inquiries or actions, damage to our brand and reputation or other harm to our 
business. If we or a third party we rely on experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may 
experience adverse consequences, including government enforcement actions, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, restrictions on 
processing data, litigation, indemnification obligations, reputational harm, diversion of funds, financial 

                                                                        20 
<<<

Table of Contents 

loss, loss of data, material disruptions in our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and 
services, and other similar harms. Inability to fulfill orders, delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a result of these disruptions could 
adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. 
Business disruptions could harm our operations, lead to a decline in revenue and increase our costs. 
Our worldwide operations could be disrupted by natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, power or water shortages, telecommunications 
failures, cloud service provider outages, terrorist attacks, or acts of violence, political and/or civil unrest, acts of war or other military actions, 
epidemics or pandemics and other natural or man-made disasters and catastrophic events. Our corporate headquarters, a large portion of our 
current data center capacity, and a portion of our research and development activities are located in California, and other critical business 
operations, finished goods inventory, and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, making our operations vulnerable to natural disasters such as 
earthquakes, wildfires, or other business disruptions occurring in these geographical areas. Catastrophic events can also have an impact on third- 
party vendors who provide us critical infrastructure services for IT and research and development systems and personnel. Geopolitical and domestic 
political developments and other events beyond our control, can increase economic volatility globally. Political instability, changes in government or 
adverse political developments in or around any of the major countries in which we do business would also likely harm our business, financial 
condition and results of operations. For example, the invasion by Russia of Ukraine has had and will likely continue to have a negative impact on our 
employees or operations both within and outside these regions, and may result in the loss of some or even all of our assets in those regions. Our 
operations could be harmed and our costs could increase if manufacturing, logistics or other operations are disrupted for any reason, including 
natural disasters, high heat events or water shortages, information technology system failures, military actions or economic, business, labor, 
environmental, public health, or political issues. For example, our operations could be harmed, and our costs could increase, if the conflict between 
Russia and Ukraine results in a shortage of key materials that our suppliers, including our foundry partners, require to satisfy our needs. The 
ultimate impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers of being located and consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In 
the event a disaster, war or catastrophic event affects us or the third-party systems on which we rely, our business could be harmed as a result of 
declines in revenue, increases in expenses, and substantial expenditures and time spent to fully resume operations. All of these risks and conditions 
could materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results. 
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers and our revenue could be adversely affected if we 
lose or are prevented from selling to any of these customers. 
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers within our distribution and partner network. With several of these 
distributors and partners, we are selling multiple target market platforms through their channels. Our operating results depend on sales within our 
partner network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate our processors. In the future, these partners may decide to 
purchase fewer products, not to incorporate our products into their ecosystem, or to alter their purchasing patterns in some other way. Because 
most of our sales are made on a purchase order basis, our customers can cancel, change or delay product purchase commitments with little or no 
notice to us and without penalty. Our partners or customers may develop their own solutions; our customers may purchase products from our 
competitors; and our partners may discontinue sales or lose market share in the markets for which they purchase our products, all of which may 
alter partners' or customers' purchasing patterns. The loss of any of our large customers, a significant reduction in purchases by them, our inability 
to sell to a customer due to U.S. trade restrictions, or any difficulties in collecting accounts receivable would likely harm our financial condition and 
results of operations. 
If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees, our business may be harmed. 
To be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees and 
recruit and develop diverse talent. Labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry's highly competitive market 
for skilled workers and leaders, cost inflation, the COVID-19 pandemic and workforce participation rates. We also must recruit and develop diverse 
talent. Changes in immigration and work permit regulations or in their administration or interpretation could impair our ability to attract and retain 
qualified employees. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain key employees, our business may be adversely 
affected. Competition for personnel results in increased costs in the form of cash and stock-based compensation. We also must retain the key 
personnel hired as a result of our acquisitions, or it could reduce the anticipated benefits of those transactions. We are highly dependent on the 
services of our longstanding executive team. Failure to ensure effective succession planning, transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving 
executives and key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution and long-term success. 

                                                                         21 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our business processes and information systems and modification or 
interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls. 
We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions, including our assessment of internal controls over 
financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical and they 
need to be scalable to support our growth, including for acquisitions of other businesses. We expect in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 to 
commence implementation of accounting and consolidation functionality related to a new enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system. Any ERP 
system problems upon implementation, such as quality issues or programming errors, could impact our continued ability to successfully operate our 
business or to timely and accurately report our financial results. These changes may be costly and disruptive to our operations and could impose 
substantial demands on management time. Failure to implement new or updated controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could 
harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 
Identification of material weaknesses in our internal controls, even if quickly remediated once disclosed, may cause investors to lose confidence in 
our financial statements and our stock price may decline. Remediation of any material weakness could require us to incur significant expenses and if 
we fail to remediate any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, we may be required to restate our financial statements, our 
ability to report our financial results on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected, our access to the capital markets may be restricted, 
the trading price of our common stock may decline, and we may be subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities. 
The COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of 
operations. 
COVID-19 has impacted, and continues to impact, our workforce and operations and those of our customers, partners, vendors and suppliers. As 
the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, the increased duration and impact of economic and demand uncertainty, and the limited availability of 
our supply chain and logistical services, may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. While COVID-19 has driven 
an increase in sales for certain of our products, the demand may not be sustainable if conditions change. COVID-19 containment around the world 
has put restrictions on, among other areas, manufacturing facilities, commerce, and support operations could limit our capacity to meet customer 
demand. Stronger demand globally has limited the availability of capacity and components in our supply chain, which could increase our costs, limit 
our ability to obtain supply at necessary levels or at all, or cause us to hold excess inventory if demand changes. 
COVID-19's effect on the global economy and our business is difficult to assess or predict. It has resulted in, and may continue to result in, 
disruption of global financial markets, which could negatively affect our stock price and liquidity. Volatility in the financial markets could impact 
overall technology spending, adversely affecting demand for our products, our business and the value of our common stock. 
We have modified our business and workforce practices in response to COVID-19, and we may take further actions as required by government 
regulations or in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and suppliers. There is no certainty that our actions will be sufficient to 
mitigate the risks posed by the disease, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. When we begin to reopen our offices, we 
expect to incur incremental expenses as we resume onsite services and related in-office costs. 
The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance and our ability to timely execute our business 
strategies may continue to be difficult to measure and predict. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, results of operations, and access to sources of liquidity and financial 
condition, though the full extent and duration of these impacts is uncertain. 
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations 
of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline. 
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate due to numerous factors described in these risk factors. Therefore, 
investors should not rely on past comparisons of our results of operations as an indication of our future performance. Additional factors that could 
affect our results of operations include, but are not limited to: 
    ·   our ability to adjust spending to offset revenue shortfalls due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services; 

                                                                       22 
<<<

Table of Contents 

    ·   our ability to comply with our customers' contractual obligations; 
        the inability of some customers to make required payments, our ability to obtain credit insurance over the purchasing credit extended to 
        these customers, and customer bad debt write-offs; 
    ·   unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities; and 
    ·   changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards. 
Any one or more of the factors discussed above could prevent us from achieving our expected future financial results. Any such failure to meet our 
expectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts could cause our stock price to decline or experience substantial price volatility. 

Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters 
Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject, and political and other 
actions may adversely impact our business. 
We are subject to laws and regulations domestically and worldwide, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to, IP ownership and 
infringement; taxes; import and export requirements and tariffs; anti-corruption; business acquisitions; foreign exchange controls and cash 
repatriation restrictions; data privacy requirements; competition and antitrust; advertising; employment; product regulations; cybersecurity; 
environmental, health, and safety requirements; the responsible use of Al; climate change; cryptocurrency; and consumer laws. Compliance with 
such requirements can be onerous and expensive, could impact our competitive position, and may impact our business operations negatively. For 
example, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws and regulations prohibit us from engaging in certain business practices. 
There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, or agents will not violate policies, controls, and procedures that we have 
designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in fines; criminal sanctions against us, 
our officers, or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our reputation. Should any of these laws, rules and 
regulations be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs and/or restrictions on our ability to 
manufacture our products and operate our business. For example, we may face increased compliance costs as a result of changes or increases in 
anti-competition legislation, regulation, administrative rule making, and enforcement activity resulting from growing public concern over 
concentration of economic power in corporations. 
Government actions, including trade protection and national security policies of U.S. and foreign government bodies, such as tariffs, import or export 
regulations, including deemed export restrictions, trade and economic sanctions, decrees, quotas or other trade barriers and restrictions could affect 
our ability to ship products, provide services to our customers and employees, do business without an export license with entities on the U.S. 
Department of Commerce's U.S. Entity List or other U.S. government restricted parties lists (which is expected to change from time to time), and 
generally fulfill our contractual obligations and have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, in response to the Russian invasion of 
Ukraine, the United States and certain allies have imposed economic sanctions and export control measures and may impose additional sanctions 
or export control measures, which have and could in the future result in, among other things, severe or complete restrictions on exports to and other 
commerce and business dealings involving Russia, certain regions of Ukraine, and/or particular entities and individuals. Such actions have limited or 
blocked, or could in the future limit or block the passage of our products, services and support into Russia or other regions determined to be 
supporting Russia, and restrict access by our Russian or Ukrainian employees (both within and outside of Russia and Ukraine) to our systems, 
negatively impacting productivity. Given these recent sanctions and export restrictions imposed by the United States and foreign government 
bodies, we recently ceased product sales to Russia. While we have policies and procedures in place to ensure compliance with sanctions and trade 
restrictions, our employees, contractors, partners, and agents may take actions in violations of such policies and applicable law, for which we may 
be ultimately held responsible. If we were ever found to have violated U.S. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available 
under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, 
changes in the public perception of governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate could negatively impact our business and 
results of operations. 
Geopolitical tensions and conflicts worldwide, including but not limited to Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Israel and Korea where the manufacture of our 
product components and final assembly of our products are concentrated, may result in changing regulatory requirements, trade policies, export 
controls, import duties and economic disruptions that could impact our operating strategies, product demand, access to global markets, hiring, and 
profitability. The increasing focus on the strategic importance of Al technologies may result in additional regulatory restrictions that target products 

                                                                         23 
<<<

Table of Contents 

and services capable of enabling or facilitating Al, including some or all of our product and service offerings. Such restrictions could limit our ability 
to serve demand abroad and could negatively impact our business and financial results. Deemed export control limitations could negatively impact 
the ability of our research and development teams to execute our roadmap or other objectives in a timely manner. 
Recent restrictions imposed by the Chinese government on the duration of gaming activities and access to games may adversely affect our Gaming 
business. Additionally, revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement could result in increased taxation, trade sanctions, the 
imposition of import duties or tariffs, restrictions and controls on imports or exports, or other retaliatory actions, which could have an adverse effect 
on our business plans or impact the timing of our shipments. 
Issues relating to the responsible use of Al in our offerings may result in reputational harm and liability. 
Concerns relating to the responsible use of new and evolving technologies, such as Al, in our products and services, may result in reputational harm 
and liability, and may cause us to incur costs to resolve such issues. We are increasingly building Al capabilities into many of our products and 
services. Al presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. Al poses emerging ethical issues and if we 
enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, or if we are unable to develop effective internal 
policies and frameworks relating to the responsible development and use of Al models and systems offered through our sales channels, we may 
experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Compliance with government regulation in the area of Al ethics may also 
increase the cost of related research and development. Our failure to address concerns relating to the responsible use of Al by us or others could 
undermine public confidence in Al and slow adoption of Al in our products and services or cause reputational harm. 
Increased scrutiny from shareholders and others regarding our environmental, social and governance responsibilities could result in 
additional costs or risks and adversely impact our reputation and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with us. 
Shareholder advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds, other market participants, shareholders and customers have focused 
increasingly on the ESG and sustainability practices of companies, including those associated with climate change and human rights. These parties 
have placed increased importance on the implications of the social cost of their investments. If our ESG practices do not meet shareholder or other 
industry stakeholder expectations and standards, which continue to evolve, our brand, reputation and business activities may be negatively 
impacted. Any sustainability report that we publish or other sustainability disclosures we make may include our policies and practices on a variety of 
social and ethical matters, including corporate governance, environmental compliance, employee health and safety practices, human capital 
management, product quality, supply chain management, and talent diversity and inclusion practices. It is possible that stakeholders may not be 
satisfied with our ESG practices or the speed of their adoption. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, 
report, and comply with various ESG practices, or choose not to conduct business with potential customers, or discontinue or not expand business 
with existing customers, due to our policies. Also, our failure, or perceived failure, to meet the standards included in any sustainability disclosure 
could have a material negative impact on our reputation and business activities. 
Actions to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are 
unsuccessful or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products. 
From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement or other IP rights violations by us, our 
employees or parties that we have agreed to indemnify for claims of infringement. An unfavorable ruling could include significant damages, 
invalidation of one or more patents, indemnification of third parties, payment of lost profits, or injunctive relief. Claims that our products or processes 
infringe the IP rights of others, regardless of their merit, could cause us to incur significant costs to respond to, defend, and resolve such claims, and 
they may also divert the efforts and attention of management and technical personnel. 
We may commence legal proceedings in order to protect our IP rights, which may increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our 
operating results. We could be subject to countersuits as a result. If infringement claims are made against us or our products are found to infringe a 
third party's IP, we or one of our indemnitees may have to seek a license to the third party's IP rights. However, we may not be able to obtain 
licenses at all or on terms acceptable to us. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain such a license, we could be subject to substantial 
liabilities or have to suspend or discontinue the manufacture and sale of one or more of our products. We may also have to make royalty or other 
payments, or cross license our technology. If these arrangements are not concluded on commercially reasonable 

                                                                          24 
<<<

Table of Contents 

terms, our business could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, the indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our operating 
expenses which could negatively impact our operating results. 
We rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements, and the laws of the 
countries in which we operate to protect our IP. Foreign laws may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as United States law. This 
makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other 
confidential business information could harm our competitive position and reduce acceptance of our products; as a result, the value of our 
investment in research and development, product development, and marketing could be reduced. We also may face risks to our IP if our employees 
are hired by potential competitors. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for existing and new innovations and 
technologies but cannot be certain whether our applications for such protections will be approved, and, if approved, whether we will be able to 
enforce such protections. 
We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security obligations. Privacy concerns relating to our products and services 
could damage our reputation, deter current and potential users from using our products and services, or result in legal or regulatory 
proceedings and liability. 
Our products and services may provide us with access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security 
laws, regulations, industry standards, external and internal policies, contracts and other obligations that govern the processing of such data by us 
and on our behalf. Concerns about our practices or the ultimate use of our products and services with regard to the collection, use, retention, 
security or disclosure of personal information or other privacy-related matters, including for use in Al, even if unfounded, could damage our 
reputation and adversely affect our operating results. The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data in our possession or by one of our partners could 
result in damage to our reputation, regulatory proceedings, disruption of our business activities or increased security costs and costs related to 
defending legal claims. 
Worldwide regulatory authorities are considering and have approved various legislative proposals concerning data protection. The European Union 
adopted the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, and the United Kingdom similarly adopted the U.K. GDPR, governing the strict handling 
of personal data of persons within the European Economic Area, or EEA, and the United Kingdom, respectively, including its use and protection and 
the ability of persons whose data is stored to access, correct and delete such data about themselves. If we are found not to comply, we could be 
subject to penalties of up to €20 million or 4% of worldwide revenue, whichever is greater, and individuals may initiate litigation related to our 
processing of their personal data. Furthermore, there exists a proposed European regulation related to Al that, if adopted, could impose onerous 
obligations and could require us to change our business practices. 
Certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws. For example, the GDPR generally restricts 
the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA. The European Commission released a set of "Standard Contractual Clauses" designed 
for entities to validly transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not found to provide an adequate level 
of protection, including the United States. Other jurisdictions have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and 
local personal data residency laws, any of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. The inability to import personal data to 
the United States could significantly and negatively impact our business operations, limit our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to 
European and other data privacy and security laws, or require us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere 
at significant expense. 
The United States federal, state and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including for data breach 
notification, personal data privacy, and consumer protection. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, gives California residents the 
right to access, delete and opt-out of certain sharing of their personal information, and to receive detailed information about how it is used and 
shared. The CCPA allows for statutory fines of up to $7,500 per violation and the law created a private right of action for certain data breaches. 
California's privacy laws will further expand in 2023 under the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, or CPRA, which may restrict the use of certain 
categories of sensitive personal information; further restrict the use of cross-contextual advertising techniques; restrict the retention of personal 
information; expand the types of data breaches subject to the private right of action; and establish the California Privacy Protection Agency to 
impose administrative fines. Virginia passed the Consumer Data Protection Act, and Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act, both of which differ 
from the CPRA and become effective in 2023. If we become subject to new data privacy laws the risk of enforcement action against us could 
increase as we become subject to additional obligations. 
The interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere are quickly changing and may 
be interpreted and applied in an increasingly stringent fashion and in a manner that is 

                                                                        25 
<<<

Table of Contents 

inconsistent with our data practices. These obligations may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and to 
those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely may fail to 
comply with such obligations. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could 
face significant consequences, including but not limited to, government enforcement actions, litigation, additional reporting requirements and/or 
oversight, bans on processing personal data and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse 
effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition. 
We have exposure to tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by higher than expected tax rates. 
As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income-based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net 
worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax 
liabilities are subject to the allocation of revenue and expenses in different jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our 
worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. For example, 
we are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2018 and 2019 and under audit in Germany, Israel and 
India. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken, and any adverse 
outcome of such a review or audit could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes imposed on our 
business, and harm our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, changes in United States federal and state or international 
tax laws applicable to multinational corporations or other fundamental law changes, including proposed changes to existing tax rules and regulations 
under the current U.S. administration and Congress and as a result of recommendations from intergovernmental economic organizations such as 
the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, may materially impact our tax expense and cash flows, as we experienced 
in fiscal year 2018 with the passage of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or TCJA. Starting in fiscal year 2023, the TCJA requires taxpayers to 
capitalize research and development expenditures and to amortize domestic expenditures over five years and foreign expenditures over fifteen 
years. If Congress does not modify or repeal this provision, it will materially reduce our cash flows beginning in fiscal year 2023. Furthermore, recent 
proposals to increase the U.S. corporate income tax rate or impose a minimum tax on financial statement income, increase U.S. taxation of 
international business operations and impose a global minimum tax, could result in increased marginal corporate tax rates. Numerous countries, as 
well as organizations such as the OECD, support the global minimum tax initiative and are considering changes to existing tax laws or have 
proposed or enacted new laws that could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate 
our business, which could materially impact our results of operations. 
Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by changes in our business or statutory rates, changes in jurisdictions in which our profits are 
determined to be earned and taxed, changes in available tax credits, the resolution of issues arising from tax audits, changes in United States 
generally accepted accounting principles, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases in expenses not deductible for tax 
purposes, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and in deferred tax valuation allowances, changing interpretation of 
existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for stock-based compensation and the recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies 
within the income tax provision in the period in which they occur, the impact of accounting for business combinations, shifts in the amount of 
earnings in the United States compared with other regions in the world and overall levels of income before tax, changes in the domestic or 
international organization of our business and structure, as well as the expiration of statute of limitations and settlements of audits. Any changes in 
our effective tax rate may reduce our net income. 
Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings. 
We currently and will likely continue to face legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings, claims, demands and/or investigations involving 
shareholder, consumer, competition and/or other issues relating to our business. For example, we are currently defending on appeal the dismissal of 
a securities class action lawsuit from multiple shareholders seeking to assert claims that we and certain of our officers made false and/or misleading 
statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand in 2017 and 2018. Litigation and regulatory 
proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings could occur, including monetary damages or fines, or an injunction stopping us from 
manufacturing or selling certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other remedies, such as compulsory licensing of 
patents. An unfavorable outcome or settlement may result in a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, and 
overall trends. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can be costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations. Our business is subject to laws 
and 

                                                                        26 
<<<

Table of Contents 

regulations that are complex and change frequently. We may be required to incur significant expense to comply with changes in, or remedy 
violations of, these laws and regulations. 
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position and cash flows from operations, and prevent us from implementing our 
strategy or fulfilling our contractual obligations. 
As of January 30, 2022, we had outstanding a total of $11 billion in notes due by 2060. As each series of senior notes matures, unless earlier 
redeemed or repurchased, we have to repay or refinance the notes. If we decide to refinance, we may be required to do so on different or less 
favorable terms or we may be unable to refinance the notes at all, both of which may adversely affect our financial condition. We also have a $575 
million commercial paper program. 
Maintenance of our indebtedness and contractual restrictions, and future issuances of indebtedness could cause us to dedicate a substantial portion 
of our cash flows from operations towards debt service obligations and principal repayments; increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in 
general economic, industry and competitive conditions; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; 
impair our ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes; and restrict 
our ability to grant liens on property, enter into certain mergers, dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, or materially change our business. 
We are required to comply with the covenants set forth in our indenture and our ability to comply may be affected by events beyond our control. If 
we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the note holders or lenders, then any outstanding indebtedness may be declared 
immediately due and payable. Changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of our securities, 
restrict our ability to obtain financing in the future and affect the terms of any such financing. 
Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and agreement with Microsoft Corporation could delay or prevent a change in 
control. 
Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent 
a change in control. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a 
majority of our outstanding voting stock. These provisions include the ability of our Board of Directors to create and issue preferred stock, change 
the number of directors, and to make, amend or repeal our bylaws without prior shareholder approval; the inability of our shareholders to act by 
written consent or to call special meetings; advance notice requirements for director nominations and shareholder proposals; and a super-majority 
voting requirement to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. In 2000, we entered into an agreement with Microsoft to 
develop and sell graphics chips and license certain technology to Microsoft and its licensees for use in the Xbox. Under the agreement, if someone 
makes an offer to purchase at least 30% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, Microsoft may have first and last rights of refusal to 
purchase the stock. These provisions could delay or prevent a change in control of NVIDIA, discourage proxy contests, and make it more difficult for 
shareholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
Our headquarters is in Santa Clara, California. We own and lease approximately 1.76 million square feet of office and building space for our 
corporate headquarters. We have a new building at our Santa Clara campus which was completed in February 2022. In addition, we lease data 
center space in Santa Clara, California. We also own and lease facilities for data centers, research and development, and/or sales and 
administrative purposes throughout the U.S. and in various international locations, primarily in Asia, Israel, and Europe. We believe our existing 
facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. We do not identify or allocate assets by 
operating segment. For additional information regarding obligations under leases, refer to Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
Please see Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of 
our legal proceedings. 

                                                                         27 
<<<

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
Not Applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM    5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON                           EQUITY,     RELATED       STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND                     ISSUER 
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of our common stock began on January 
22, 1999. Prior to that, there was no public market for our common stock. As of March 11, 2022, we had approximately 313 registered shareholders, 
not including those shares held in street or nominee name. 
On July 19, 2021, we executed a four-for-one stock split of our common stock, such that each stockholder of record at the close of business on June 
21, 2021 received a dividend of three additional shares of common stock for every share held on the record date, or the Stock Split. All share, equity 
award, and per share amounts and related shareholders' equity balances presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock 
Split. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
Beginning August 2004, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our stock. 
Since the inception of our share repurchase program, we have repurchased an aggregate of 1.04 billion shares for a total cost of $7.08 billion 
through January 30, 2022. 
The repurchases can be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or in structured share repurchase programs, and can be 
made in one or more larger repurchases, in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, subject to market 
conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other factors. The program does not obligate NVIDIA to acquire any particular amount of common 
stock and the program may be suspended at any time at our discretion. 
We did not repurchase any shares during fiscal year 2022. As of January 30, 2022, we are authorized, subject to certain specifications, to 
repurchase shares of our common stock up to $7.24 billion through December 2022. 
In fiscal year 2022, we paid $399 million in quarterly cash dividends. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under 
that program are subject to our Board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the 
best interests of our shareholders. 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, our Board of Directors approved the retirement of all existing 349 million treasury shares. Refer to Note 
15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding the 
retirement of our treasury shares. 
Restricted Stock Unit Share Withholding 
We withhold common stock shares associated with net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock 
unit awards under our employee equity incentive program. During fiscal year 2022, we withheld approximately 8 million shares for a total value of 
$1.90 billion through net share settlements. Beginning with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, the tax withholding is recorded as a reduction to 
additional paid-in capital, with withheld shares assuming the status of authorized and unissued shares. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding our equity incentive 
plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
During fiscal year 2022, we issued a total of 175,333 shares of our common stock as consideration in connection with acquisitions, all in private 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2), Regulation D, or 
Regulation S. 

                                                                        28 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graphs 
The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the Nasdaq 100 Index for the 
five years ended January 30, 2022. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on January 29, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the S&P 
500 Index and the Nasdaq 100 Index. Our common stock is a component of each of the presented indices. Total return assumes reinvestment of 
dividends in each of the indices indicated. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance. 

                                      COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* 
                            Among NVIDIA Corporation, the S&P 500 Index, and the Nasdaq 100 Index 
                900 

                800 

                700 

                600 

                500 

                400 

                300 

                200 

                100 

                  0 
                          01/29/17         01/28/18         01/27/19        01/26/20         01/31/21         01/30/22 

                                               NVIDIA Corporation        S&P 500          Nasdaq 100 

                             *$100 invested on 1/29/17 in stock and in indices, including reinvestment of dividends. 

 Source: FactSet financial data and analytics. 

                                          1/29/2017        1/28/2018       1/27/2019        1/26/2020        1/31/2021       1/30/2022 
 NVIDIA Corporation                    $       100.00   $      218.55   $       144.24   $       226.48   $      470.59   $       828.15 
 S&P 500                               $       100.00   $       125.54 $        122.64   $       149.23   $       174.97 $        215.72 
 Nasdaq 100                            $       100.00   $       136.00 $        136.62   $       179.79 $        260.70   $       303.21 

 ITEM 6. (RESERVED) 

                                                                    29 
<<<

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "Item 1A. Risk Factors", 
our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold or sell shares of our common stock. 

Overview 
Our Company and Our Businesses 
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, we 
have expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics 
and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, Al, data science, AV, 
robotics, AR and VR. 
Our two operating segments are "Graphics" and "Compute & Networking." Refer to Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. 

Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges 
Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement 
On February 8, 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby NVIDIA would have acquired 
Arm from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate because of significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. We 
intend to record in operating expenses a $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided 
at signing in September 2020. 
Demand 
Demand for our products is based on many factors, including our product introductions, time to market, transitions, competitor product releases and 
announcements, and competing technologies, all of which can impact the timing and volume of our revenue. GPUs have use cases in addition to 
their designed and marketed use case, such as for digital currency mining, including blockchain-based platforms such as Ethereum. It is difficult for 
us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of 
cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price changes in 
cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, and new cryptocurrency standards can impact and have impacted in the past 
cryptocurrency demand, and further impact demand for our products and our ability to estimate demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency 
standards and processes including, but not limited to, the pending Ethereum 2.0 standard may decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining 
and may also create increased aftermarket resale of our GPUs, impact retail prices for our GPUs, increase returns of our products in the distribution 
channel, and may reduce demand for our new GPUs. We have introduced LHR GeForce GPUs with limited Ethereum mining capability and 
increased the supply of CMP in an effort to address demand from gamers and direct miners to CMP. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal year 
2022, nearly all our desktop NVIDIA Ampere architecture GeForce GPU shipments were LHR in our effort to direct GeForce to gamers. If attempts 
in the aftermarket to improve the hash rate capabilities of our LHR cards are successful, our gaming cards may become more attractive to miners, 
and therefore limit our ability to supply our cards to non-mining customers. We cannot predict whether our strategy of using LHR cards and CMP will 
achieve our desired outcome. Additionally, consumer and enterprise behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic has made it more difficult for us to 
estimate future demand and may have changed pre-pandemic behaviors, and these challenges may be more pronounced or volatile in the future on 
both a global and regional basis. In estimating demand and evaluating trends, we make multiple assumptions, any of which may prove to be 
incorrect. 

Supply 
Our manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases, extend to be twelve months or longer, which requires us to make estimates of 
customers' future demand. These conditions could lead to a significant mismatch between supply and demand, giving rise to product shortages or 
excess inventory, and make our demand forecast more uncertain. To 

                                                                         30 
<<<

Table of Contents 

have shorter shipment lead times and quicker delivery schedules for our customers, we may build finished products and maintain inventory for 
anticipated periods of growth which do not occur, anticipating demand that does not materialize, or for what we believe is pent-up demand. During 
fiscal year 2022, we made substantial strides in broadening our supply base to scale our company and better serve customer demand. We expect to 
remain supply-constrained into the first half of fiscal year 2023, primarily in Gaming and Networking. We have placed non-cancellable inventory 
orders for certain supply in advance of our historical lead times, paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity and may 
need to continue to do so in the future. Ordering product in advance of our historical lead times to secure supply in a constrained environment may 
trigger excess inventory or other charges if there is a partial or complete reduction in long-term demand for our products or if such demand is served 
by our competitors. Given our long lead times on inventory purchasing, demand may be perishable or may disappear. Given our current long lead 
times, we may order components before our product design is finalized and changes to the product design or end demand could trigger excess 
inventory. Our supply deliveries and production may be non-linear within a quarter or year which could cause changes to expected revenue or cash 
flows. 

COVID-19 
The COVID-19 pandemic continued during fiscal year 2022. Most of our employees continue to work remotely and we have paused most business 
travel. During fiscal year 2022, our Gaming, Data Center and Professional Visualization market platforms have benefited from stronger demand as 
people continue to work, learn, and play from home. Our Professional Visualization market platform also benefited from demand for workstations as 
enterprises support hybrid work environments. As our offices begin to reopen, we expect to incur incremental expenses as we resume onsite 
services and related in-office costs. 

As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, the timing and overall demand from customers, the availability of supply chain, logistical services and 
component supply, and the impact of rising inflation may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. 
We believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with commercial paper arrangements, will be sufficient 
to satisfy our working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, debt repayments and other liquidity requirements associated with our 
existing operations. 
Fiscal Year 2022 Summary 
                                                                                                            Year Ended 
                                                                                      January 30,           January 31, 
                                                                                          2022                 2021                Change 
                                                                                                ($ in millions, except per share data) 
Revenue                                                                            $         26,914     $         16,675                  Up 61% 
Gross margin                                                                                   64.9 %               62.3 %            Up 260 bps 
Operating expenses                                                                 $          7,434     $          5,864                  Up 27% 
Income from operations                                                             $         10,041     $          4,532                Up 122% 
Net income                                                                         $          9,752     $          4,332                Up 125% 
Net income per diluted share                                                       $           3.85     $           1.73                Up 123% 

We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate 
processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our 
expertise is critical: Gaming, Data Center, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. 

Revenue for fiscal year 2022 was $26.91 billion, up 61% from a year ago. 

Gaming revenue was up 61% from a year ago reflecting higher sales of GeForce GPUs. We continue to benefit from strong demand for NVIDIA 
Ampere architecture products, and believe the increase in Gaming revenue during fiscal year 2022 resulted from a combination of factors, including: 
the ramp of new RTX 30 Series GPUs; the release of new games supporting ray tracing; the rising popularity of gaming, esports, content creation 
and streaming; the demand for new and upgraded systems to support the increase in remote work; and the ability of end users to engage in 
cryptocurrency mining. 

                                                                        31 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Although nearly all desktop NVIDIA Ampere architecture GeForce GPU shipments are LHR to help direct GeForce GPUs to gamers, our GPUs are 
capable of cryptocurrency mining. Gamers and others are therefore able to mine cryptocurrency using our GPUs, although we have limited visibility 
into how much this impacts our overall GPU demand. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including changes in the prices of cryptocurrencies or 
method of verifying transactions, such as proof of work or proof of stake, can impact demand for our products and degrade our ability to accurately 
estimate it. We are unable to estimate with any degree of precision the impact this volatility is likely to have in the future. 
Data Center revenue was up 58% from a year ago primarily driven by sales of NVIDIA Ampere architecture GPUs across both training and inference 
for cloud computing and Al workloads such as natural language processing and deep recommender models. 
Professional Visualization revenue was up 100% from a year ago driven by the ramp of NVIDIA Ampere architecture products and strong demand 
for workstations as enterprises support hybrid work environments, as well as growth in workloads such as 3D design, Al and rendering. 
Automotive revenue was up 6% from a year ago due to self-driving and Al cockpit solutions offset by a decline in legacy cockpit revenue. 
OEM and Other revenue was up 84% from a year ago primarily driven by CMP sales. CMP revenue was $550 million for the fiscal year and was 
nominal in the prior year. 
Revenue for our CMP products declined significantly in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022. We are unable to estimate with any degree of precision 
the impact that volatility in the cryptocurrency market, as discussed above, is likely to have on future CMP sales. 
Gross margin for fiscal year 2022 was up 260 basis points from a year ago driven by lower Mellanox acquisition-related charges, including a non- 
recurring inventory step-up charge of $161 million in fiscal year 2021. Margins also benefited from a higher-end mix within Gaming, partially offset by 
a mix shift within Data Center. 

Operating expenses for fiscal year 2022 were up 27% from a year ago primarily driven by stock-based compensation, compensation-related costs 
associated with employee growth and higher infrastructure costs. 
Income from operations was $10.04 billion, up 122% from a year ago. Net income and net income per diluted share were $9.75 billion and $3.85, up 
125% and 123%, respectively, from a year ago. 
Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities were $21.21 billion, up from $11.56 billion a year earlier. The increase reflects operating cash flow 
generation and $5.00 billion of debt issuance proceeds. 

We paid $399 million in quarterly cash dividends in fiscal year 2022. 
Market Platform Highlights 
At our November 2021 GPU Technology Conference, we announced general availability of NVIDIA Omniverse Enterprise; 65 new and updated 
software development kits, including NVIDIA Riva, Modulus, ReOpt, Morpheus, cuNumeric, and Clara Holoscan; NVIDIA Quantum-2 400Gbps 
switch and end-to-end networking platform; and NVIDIA Jetson AGX Orin for edge Al and autonomous machines. 
In our Gaming platform during fiscal year 2022, we further expanded our desktop and laptop Geforce RTX 30 Series GPU line-ups; expanded the 
RTX ecosystem of games and applications to over 240; announced plans to integrate NVIDIA DLSS into the Unity game engine; and introduced a 
new high-performance membership tier to GeForce NOW. 
In our Data Center platform, we launched new NVIDIA A30 and A10 GPUs for mainstream Al, data analytics and graphics; debuted a new class of 
NVIDIA-Certified Systems with leading server OEMs; unveiled NVIDIA Grace, our first Arm-based data center CPU; launched the NVIDIA AI 
Enterprise software suite; unveiled the NVIDIA Base Command and Fleet Command Al software offerings; and announced plans to build Earth-2, an 
Al supercomputer dedicated to addressing the global climate change crisis. 
In our Professional Visualization platform, we unveiled NVIDIA RTX GPUs for next-generation notebook and desktop workstations; and launched 
NVIDIA Omniverse Enterprise for collaborative 3D design, digital twins and virtual worlds and NVIDIA Omniverse for Creators. 

                                                                        32 
<<<

Table of Contents 

In our Automotive platform, we unveiled the NVIDIA DRIVE Atlan next-generation SOC; announced design wins with Mercedes-Benz for the Al 
cockpit in its new EQS sedan; with Volvo Cars for the autonomous driving computer in its next-generation cars, beginning with the XC90 in 2022; 
with energy vehicles from R-Auto, IM Motors, NIO, Faraday Future, VinFast and Xpeng; with robotaxis including Cruise, Amazon Zoox, Pony.ai and 
AutoX; with autonomous trucking companies Embark, Kodiak Robotics and Plus; formed a multi-year partnership with Jaguar Land Rover to jointly 
develop and deliver next-generation automated driving systems, plus Al-enabled services and experiences; and announced that Desay, Flex, 
Quanta, Valeo and ZF are using the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion platform to manufacture safe and secure AV systems for vehicle makers. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which 
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these 
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, 
expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to inventories, revenue 
recognition, income taxes, and goodwill. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be 
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. 
We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated 
financial statements. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the 
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and 
estimates in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Inventories 
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. We charge cost 
of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory. Most of 
our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products or components, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase 
commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. 
Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, 
sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, 
new product introductions resulting in less demand for existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand due to unexpected end use cases, failure 
to estimate customer demand properly, ordering in advance of historical lead-times and the impact of changes in future demand, or increase in 
demand for competitive products, including competitive actions. Cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders could result in our holding 
excess inventory. 
The overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of 0.9% 
in fiscal year 2022 and insignificant in fiscal year 2021. As a fabless semiconductor company, we must make commitments to purchase inventory 
based on forecasts of future customer demand. In doing so, we must account for our third-party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. Our 
manufacturing lead times are very long and in some cases, extend on to be twelve months or longer, which requires us to make estimates of 
customers' future demand. We place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain products in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums 
and provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by 
our competitors, new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for our products. 
Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. 

Revenue Recognition 
We derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing, and cloud 
services. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the 
performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance 
obligations in the contract (where revenue is 

                                                                        33 
<<<

Table of Contents 

allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price for each 
performance obligation); and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 
Product Sales Revenue 
Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect 
to receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty for the incorporated system, hardware, 
and/or software. Support and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue is 
recognized net of allowances for returns, customer programs and any taxes collected from customers. 
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at 
the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed 
historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to properly reflect our estimated exposure for product 
returns. 

Our customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, and 
marketing development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and are 
designed to support our partners' activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue and 
accrue for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. 
License and Development Arrangements 
Our license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our IP components. As a result, we 
recognize the revenue from the license and the revenue from the development services as a single performance obligation over the period in which 
the development services are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the 
estimated total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provision for 
such loss in that period. 
Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional 
information. 

Income Taxes 
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal 
year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects 
attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of 
any tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized. 
Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the 
application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an 
anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in 
other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential United States and foreign income tax contingencies based on our 
estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the 
recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense 
in our financial statements accordingly. 
As of January 30, 2022, we had a valuation allowance of $907 million related to state and certain other deferred tax assets that management 
determined are not likely to be realized due to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, tax attributes usage limitation by certain 
jurisdictions, and potential utilization limitations of tax attributes acquired as a result of stock ownership changes. To the extent realization of the 
deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as an income tax benefit during the period. 
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the 
technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax 
expense. 

                                                                          34 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional 
information. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier, if indicators of potential impairment exist, 
using either a qualitative or a quantitative assessment. Our impairment review process compares the fair value of the reporting unit in which the 
goodwill resides to its carrying value. As of January 30, 2022, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $4.35 billion and the amount of goodwill 
allocated to our Graphics and Compute & Networking reporting units was $361 million and $3.99 billion, respectively. Determining the fair value of a 
reporting unit requires us to make judgments and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. We also make judgments and 
assumptions in allocating assets and liabilities to each of our reporting units. We base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be 
reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. 
We performed our annual goodwill assessment during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 using a qualitative assessment and concluded there was 
no goodwill impairment. 

Refer to Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional 
information. 

Results of Operations 
A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021 is presented below. A 
discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2021 compared to fiscal year 2020 can be found under Item 7 in 
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2021, which is available free of 
charge on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com. 
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of 
revenue. 

                                                                                                                     Year Ended 
                                                                                                        January 30,              January 31, 
                                                                                                            2022                     2021 
Revenue                                                                                                          100.0 %                   100.0 % 
   Cost of revenue                                                                                                35.1                      37.7 
Gross profit                                                                                                      64.9                      62.3 
Operating expenses: 
   Research and development                                                                                        19.6                     23.5 
   Sales, general and administrative                                                                                8.0                     11.6 
        Total operating expenses                                                                                   27.6                     35.1 
Income from operations                                                                                             37.3                     27.2 
   Interest income                                                                                                  0.1                      0.3 
   Interest expense                                                                                                (0.9)                    (1.1) 
   Other, net                                                                                                       0.4                      0.1 
        Other income (expense), net                                                                                (0.4)                    (0.7) 
Income before income tax expense                                                                                   36.9                     26.5 
Income tax expense                                                                                                  0.7                      0.5 
Net income                                                                                                         36.2 %                   26.0 % 

                                                                         35 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Revenue 
Revenue by Reportable Segments 
                                                                                                      Year Ended 
                                                                       January 30,          January 31,               $                   % 
                                                                          2022                  2021              Change               Change 
                                                                                                      ($ in millions) 
Graphics                                                            $          15,868    $           9,834    $         6,034                 61   % 
Compute & Networking                                                           11,046                6,841              4,205                 61   % 
Total                                                               $          26,914    $          16,675    $        10,239                 61   % 

Graphics - Graphics segment revenue increased by 61% in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021. We continue to benefit from strong 
demand for NVIDIA Ampere architecture products, and believe the increase in Gaming revenue during fiscal year 2022 resulted from a combination 
of factors, including: the ramp of new RTX 30 Series GPUs; the release of new games supporting ray tracing; the rising popularity of gaming, 
esports, content creation and streaming; the demand for new and upgraded systems to support the increase in remote work; and the ability of end 
users to engage in cryptocurrency mining. 
Compute & Networking - Compute & Networking segment revenue increased by 61% in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, driven 
primarily by sales of NVIDIA Ampere architecture products to hyperscale customers for cloud computing and workloads such as natural language 
processing and deep recommender models, as well as to vertical industries. The increase compared to fiscal year 2021 also reflects the strong 
sales of networking products and that fiscal year 2022 includes a full year of networking revenue as Mellanox was acquired in April 2020. CMP 
contributed $550 million in fiscal year 2022 compared to an insignificant amount in the prior year. 
Concentration of Revenue 
Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 84% and 81% of total revenue for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, 
respectively. Revenue by geographic region is allocated to individual countries based on the location to which the products are initially billed even if 
the revenue is attributable to end customers in a different location. 

No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
Gross profit consists of total revenue, net of allowances, less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductors, 
including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead 
associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and component costs, tariffs, and shipping 
costs. Cost of revenue also includes acquisition-related costs, development costs for license and service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock- 
based compensation related to personnel associated with manufacturing. 
Our overall gross margin was 64.9% and 62.3% for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in fiscal year 2022 was primarily due to 
lower Mellanox acquisition-related charges, including a non-recurring inventory step-up charge of $161 million in fiscal year 2021. The increase also 
benefited from a higher-end mix within Graphics, partially offset by a mix shift within Compute & Networking. 
Inventory provisions totaled $354 million and $116 million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sales of inventory that was previously 
written-off or written-down totaled $111 million and $145 million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a result, the overall net effect on our 
gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 0.9% in fiscal year 2022 and insignificant in fiscal year 2021. 
The gross margin of our Graphics segment increased during fiscal year 2022 when compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to higher-end mix 
within GeForce GPUs. 
The gross margin of our Compute & Networking segment decreased during fiscal year 2022 when compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to a 
shift in product mix and partially offset by a reduced contribution from Automotive solutions. 

                                                                         36 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses 
                                                                                                     Year Ended 
                                                                     January 30,            January 31,               $                  % 
                                                                         2022                  2021               Change              Change 
                                                                                                    ($ in millions) 
Research and development expenses                                 $          5,268      $           3,924     $         1,344                34 % 
% of net revenue                                                               19.6 %                23.5 % 
Sales, general and administrative expenses                                   2,166                  1,940                 226                 12 % 
% of net revenue                                                                8.0 %                11.6 % 
   Total operating expenses                                       $          7,434      $           5,864     $         1,570                 27 % 

Research and Development 
Research and development expenses increased by 34% in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily driven by stock-based 
compensation, compensation-related costs associated with employee growth and higher infrastructure costs. 

Sales, General and Administrative 
Sales, general and administrative expenses increased by 12% in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily driven by stock-based 
compensation, compensation-related costs associated with employee growth, partially offset by lower amortization of intangibles. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
Interest income consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Interest income was $29 million and $57 million in 
fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in interest income was primarily due to lower interest rates earned on our investments. 
Interest expense is primarily comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes. Interest expense was $236 million 
and $184 million in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in expense reflects interest on the $5.00 billion note issued in June 2021. 

Other, net, consists primarily of realized or unrealized gains and losses from investments in non-affiliated entities and the impact of changes in 
foreign currency rates. Other, net, was an income of $107 million during fiscal year 2022 and not significant during fiscal year 2021. The increase 
was primarily due to unrealized gains from our investments in non-affiliated entities. Refer to Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our investments in non-affiliated entities. 

Income Taxes 
We recognized income tax expense of $189 million and $77 million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our annual effective tax rate was 
1.9% and 1.7% for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
The increase in our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to an increase in the amount of earnings 
subject to U.S. tax, and a decreased impact of tax benefits from the U.S. federal research tax credit, partially offset by the benefit of the foreign- 
derived intangible income deduction, and the discrete benefit of the domestication of a foreign subsidiary, or the Domestication. 
Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due to tax benefits from the foreign-derived intangible 
income deduction, income earned in jurisdictions, including the British Virgin Islands and Israel, that are subject to taxes lower than the U.S. federal 
statutory tax rate, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, recognition of U.S. federal research tax credit and the one-time benefits 
of the Domestication. 

Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2021 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to income earned in jurisdictions, 
including the British Virgin Islands, Israel, and Hong Kong, where the tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, recognition of U.S. 
federal research tax credits, and excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. 

                                                                         37 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional 
information, including the Domestication. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
                                                                                                               January 30,         January 31, 
                                                                                                                   2022                2021 
                                                                                                                          (In millions) 
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   $           1,990   $             847 
Marketable securities                                                                                                  19,218              10,714 
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities                                                           $          21,208   $          11,561 

                                                                                                                         Year Ended 
                                                                                                               January 30,         January 31, 
                                                                                                                  2022                2021 
                                                                                                                         (In millions) 
Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                   $           9,108   $           5,822 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                                         $          (9,830) $          (19,675) 
Net cash provided by financing activities                                                                   $           1,865   $           3,804 

As of January 30, 2022, we had $21.21 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, an increase of $9.65 billion from the end of fiscal 
year 2021. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit 
exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio. 
Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2022 compared to fiscal year 2021, due to higher net income, partially offset by 
changes in working capital. Changes in working capital were primarily driven by prepayments of $1.87 billion for long-term supply agreements and 
increases in trade receivables due to higher revenue. 
Cash used in investing activities decreased in fiscal year 2022 compared to cash provided in fiscal year 2021, reflecting lower payments in acquiring 
businesses as compared to the acquisition of Mellanox in fiscal year 2021, and higher marketable securities sales and maturities, partially offset by 
higher purchases of marketable securities. 
Cash provided by financing activities decreased in fiscal year 2022 compared to cash provided in fiscal year 2021, which primarily reflects a debt 
repayment in the fiscal year 2022 and higher tax payments on restricted stock units. 
Liquidity 

Our primary sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our operations. As of 
January 30, 2022, we had $21.21 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our 
operating requirements for at least the next twelve months, and for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and additional 
supply. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our future 
capital requirements. 

Our marketable securities consist of certificates of deposits and debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated 
corporations and financial institutions, and foreign government entities. These marketable securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer 
to Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
During fiscal year 2023, we expect to use our existing cash and cash equivalents, our marketable securities, and the cash generated by our 
operations to fund our capital investments of approximately $1.4 billion related to property and equipment. 

We have approximately $1.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any 
related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S. Other than that, substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and 
marketable securities held outside of the U.S. as of January 30, 2022 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. federal 
income taxes. Following the Domestication, we 

                                                                        38 
<<<

Table of Contents 

have utilized almost all of our accumulated U.S. federal research tax credits during fiscal year 2022, resulting in higher cash tax payments starting in 
fiscal year 2023. In addition, beginning in fiscal year 2023, the TCJA requires taxpayers to capitalize research and development expenditures and to 
amortize domestic expenditures over five years and foreign expenditures over fifteen years. This will impact cash flows from operations and result in 
significantly higher cash tax payments starting in fiscal year 2023. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, 
Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
Capital Return to Shareholders 
In fiscal year 2022, we paid $399 million in quarterly cash dividends. Our cash dividend program and the payment of future cash dividends under 
that program are subject to our Board's continuing determination that the dividend program and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the 
best interests of our shareholders. 
As of January 30, 2022, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase additional shares of our common stock up to $7.24 
billion through December 2022. We did not repurchase any shares during fiscal year 2022. 

Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper Program 
As of January 30, 2022, we had outstanding: 
    ·   $1.25 billion of Notes Due 2023; 
    ·   $1.25 billion of Notes Due 2024; 
    ·   $1.00 billion of Notes Due 2026; 
    ·   $1.25 billion of Notes Due 2028; 
    ·   $1.50 billion of Notes Due 2030; 
    ·   $1.25 billion of Notes Due 2031; 
    ·   $1.00 billion of Notes Due 2040; 
    ·   $2.00 billion of Notes Due 2050; and 
    ·   $500 million of Notes Due 2060. 
We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of January 30, 2022, we had not issued any 
commercial paper. 

Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further 
discussion. 
Contractual Obligations 

We have unrecognized tax benefits of $729 million, which includes related interest and penalties of $59 million recorded in non-current income tax 
payable as of January 30, 2022. We are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in 
individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. We are 
currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. 
For a description of our long-term debt, purchase obligations, and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 12, Note 13, and Note 3 of the Notes to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively. 

Climate Change 
Refer to Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance activities. To date, 
there has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, costs from sourcing 
renewable energy or climate-related business trends. There are no material current climate change regulations impacting us, however, we are 
monitoring potential regulation changes in California, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other jurisdictions. We believe 
that climate change has not had a material impact to our revenue to date. We have not experienced any significant physical effects of climate 
change to date on our operations and results, nor any significant impacts on the cost or availability of insurance. In fiscal year 2023, we plan to build 
Earth-2, an Al supercomputer dedicated to predicting the impacts of climate change and increase our purchases of Renewable Energy Credits. 

                                                                         39 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of 
adoption of new and recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Investment and Interest Rate Risk 
We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate investment portfolio and outstanding debt. The investment portfolio is managed 
consistent with our overall liquidity strategy in support of both working capital needs and strategic growth of our businesses. 
As of January 30, 2022, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolio. According to our analysis, parallel shifts in the yield curve of 
both plus or minus 0.5%, taking into account a zero percent yield floor, would result in a decrease in fair value for these investments of $33 million, 
or an increase in fair value for these investments of $22 million, respectively. 
At January 30, 2022, we had $11.00 billion of senior Notes outstanding. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized discount on our 
Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest 
rates. Refer to Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional 
information. 

Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are 
included in other income or expense and to date have not been significant. The impact of foreign currency transaction gain or loss included in 
determining net income was not significant for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 
Sales and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject to 
exchange rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States' dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive, 
which could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States' dollar relative to other currencies 
could result in our suppliers raising their prices in order to continue doing business with us. Additionally, we have international operations and incur 
expenditures in currencies other than U.S. dollars. Our operating expenses benefit from a stronger dollar and are adversely affected by a weaker 
dollar. 

We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. We 
designate these contracts as cash flow hedges and assess the effectiveness of the hedge relationships on a spot to spot basis. Gains or losses on 
the contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, and then reclassified to operating expense when the related 
operating expenses are recognized in earnings or ineffectiveness should occur. 
We also use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities that are 
denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollar. These forward contracts were not designated for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore, the 
change in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currency 
denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which is also recorded in other income or expense. 
If the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive 
income (loss) related to our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been approximately $103 million and $84 million lower as of 
January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, respectively. Change in value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be 
expected to offset a corresponding change in hedged forecasted foreign currency expenses when recognized. 
If an adverse 10% foreign exchange rate change was applied to our balance sheet hedging contracts, it would have resulted in an adverse impact 
on income before taxes of approximately $41 million and $44 million as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, respectively. These changes in 
fair values would be offset in other income (expense), net by corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetary 
assets and liabilities, assuming the hedge contracts fully cover the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities balances. 

                                                                         40 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional 
information. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 
10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Controls and Procedures 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
Based on their evaluation as of January 30, 2022, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded 
that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange 
Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance. 
Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in 
Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2022 based on 
the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission. Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our 
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 30, 2022. 
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an 
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein. 
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 30, 2022 that have materially affected, 
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In fiscal year 2022, we began an upgrade of our enterprise 
resource planning, or ERP, system, which will update much of our existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately 
maintain the Company's financial records used to report operating results. The upgrade will occur in phases with the consolidated financial reporting 
and general ledger module to be implemented in fiscal year 2023. We will evaluate each quarter whether there are changes that affect our internal 
control over financial reporting. 
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or 
our internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, 
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are 
resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control 
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been 
detected. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
None. 

                                                                        41 
<<<

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
Not Applicable 

PART III 
Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this report because we will file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement pursuant to 
Regulation 14A, or the 2022 Proxy Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2022, and certain information included therein is 
incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Identification of Directors 
Information regarding directors required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption "Proposal 1 - Election of 
Directors," and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Identification of Executive Officers 
Reference is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading "Information About Our Executive Officers" in Part I 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts 
Information regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the captions "Report of the 
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors" and "Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance," and is hereby incorporated 
by reference. 

Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors 
Information regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption 
"Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance," and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under 
the caption "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports," and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Code of Conduct 
Information regarding our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption "Information About 
the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Code of Conduct," and is hereby incorporated by reference. The full text of our Code of Conduct 
and Financial Team Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. The 
contents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
Information regarding our executive compensation required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the captions "Executive 
Compensation", "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation", "Director Compensation" and "Compensation Committee Report," 
and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM    12.   SECURITY      OWNERSHIP         OF   CERTAIN       BENEFICIAL       OWNERS       AND    MANAGEMENT           AND    RELATED 
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Ownership of NVIDIA Securities 
Information regarding ownership of NVIDIA securities required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption 
"Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management," and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

                                                                      42 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
Information regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption "Equity 
Compensation Plan Information," and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
Information regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the 
captions "Review of Transactions with Related Persons" and "Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance - Independence 
of the Members of the Board of Directors," and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
Information regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2022 Proxy Statement under the caption "Fees 
Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm," and is hereby incorporated by reference. 

                                                                      43 
<<<

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

                                                                                                                          Page 
(a)   1.     Financial Statements 
             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 238)                                            45 
             Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and January 26, 2020     47 
             Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended January 30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and 
             January 26, 2020                                                                                                   48 
             Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021                                            49 
             Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended January 30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and January 
             26, 2020                                                                                                           50 
             Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and January 26, 
             2020                                                                                                               51 
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements                                                                     52 
      2.     Financial Statement Schedule 
             Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended January 30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and January 
             26, 2020                                                                                                           80 
      3.     Exhibits 
             The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this Annual 
             Report on Form 10-K.                                                                                               81 

                                                                 44 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                           Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVIDIA Corporation 
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of January 30, 
2022 and January 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of shareholders' equity and of cash flows 
for each of the three years in the period ended January 30, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index 
appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal 
control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company 
as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
January 30, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company 
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal 
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
Basis for Opinions 
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial 
reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Annual Report on Internal 
Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company's consolidated financial 
statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the 
PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and 
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated 
financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on 
a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the 
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial 
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We 
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in 
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

                                                                          45 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was 
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the 
consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit 
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the 
critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
Valuation of Inventories - Provisions for Excess or Obsolete Inventories 
As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company charges cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down inventory 
to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory. Most of the Company's inventory provisions relate to excess 
quantities of products, based on the Company's inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future 
demand and market conditions. As of January 30, 2022, the Company's consolidated inventories balance was $2,605 million. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventories, specifically the provisions for 
excess or obsolete inventories, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when developing provisions for excess or 
obsolete inventories, including developing assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. This in turn led to significant auditor 
judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's assumptions related to future demand and market 
conditions. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's provisions for excess or 
obsolete inventories, including controls over management's assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. These procedures also 
included, among others, testing management's process for developing the provisions for excess or obsolete inventories; evaluating the 
appropriateness of management's approach; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the approach; and evaluating the 
reasonableness of management's assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. Evaluating management's assumptions related to 
future demand and market conditions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) current 
and past results, including historical product life cycle, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, (iii) changes in technology, and (iv) 
comparing prior period estimates to actual results of the same period. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
San Jose, California 
March 17, 2022 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2004. 

                                                                           46 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                          NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
                                               (In millions, except per share data) 
                                                                                               Year Ended 
                                                                               January 30,     January 31,     January 26, 
                                                                                  2022            2021            2020 
Revenue                                                                      $       26,914 $        16,675 $         10,918 
     Cost of revenue                                                                  9,439           6,279            4,150 
Gross profit                                                                         17,475          10,396            6,768 
Operating expenses 
     Research and development                                                         5,268           3,924            2,829 
     Sales, general and administrative                                                2,166           1,940            1,093 
       Total operating expenses                                                       7,434           5,864            3,922 
Income from operations                                                               10,041           4,532            2,846 
     Interest income                                                                     29              57             178 
     Interest expense                                                                  (236)           (184)             (52) 
     Other, net                                                                         107               4               (2) 
       Other income (expense), net                                                     (100)           (123)            124 
Income before income tax                                                              9,941           4,409            2,970 
Income tax expense                                                                      189              77             174 
Net income                                                                   $        9,752 $         4,332 $          2,796 

Net income per share: 
      Basic                                                                  $         3.91 $           1.76 $          1.15 
      Diluted                                                                $         3.85 $           1.73 $          1.13 

Weighted average shares used in per share computation: 
      Basic                                                                           2,496           2,467            2,439 
      Diluted                                                                         2,535           2,510            2,472 

                                  See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

                                                             47 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                             NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
                                                            (In millions) 
                                                                                                     Year Ended 
                                                                                   January 30,       January 31,      January 26, 
                                                                                       2022             2021             2020 

 Net income                                                                      $         9,752 $          4,332   $         2,796 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 Available-for-sale debt securities: 
   Net unrealized gain (loss)                                                                (16)               2                 8 
   Reclassification adjustments for net realized gain (loss) included in net income           -                 (2) 
   Net change in unrealized gain (loss)                                                      (16)               -                 8 
 Cash flow hedges: 
   Net unrealized gain (loss)                                                                (43)               9                10 
   Reclassification adjustments for net realized gain (loss) included in net income           29                9                (5) 
   Net change in unrealized gain (loss)                                                      (14)              18                 5 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                               (30)              18                13 
 Total comprehensive income                                                      $         9,722 $          4,350   $         2,809 

                                     See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

                                                                 48 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                             NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                                 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
                                                    (In millions, except par value) 
                                                                                                     January 30,      January 31, 
                                                                                                        2022              2021 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    $         1,990 $            847 
      Marketable securities                                                                                 19,218           10,714 
      Accounts receivable, net                                                                               4,650            2,429 
      Inventories                                                                                            2,605            1,826 
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                                               366               239 
 Total current assets                                                                                       28,829           16,055 
 Property and equipment, net                                                                                 2,778            2,149 
 Operating lease assets                                                                                       829               707 
 Goodwill                                                                                                    4,349            4,193 
 Intangible assets, net                                                                                      2,339            2,737 
 Deferred income tax assets                                                                                  1,222              806 
 Other assets                                                                                                3,841            2,144 
 Total assets                                                                                      $        44,187 $         28,791 

 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
      Accounts payable                                                                             $         1,783 $          1,149 
      Accrued and other current liabilities                                                                  2,552            1,777 
      Short-term debt                                                                                           -               999 
 Total current liabilities                                                                                   4,335            3,925 
 Long-term debt                                                                                             10,946            5,964 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities                                                                        741               634 
 Other long-term liabilities                                                                                 1,553            1,375 
 Total liabilities                                                                                          17,575           11,898 

 Commitments and contingencies - see Note 13 

 Shareholders' equity: 
      Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 2 shares authorized; none issued                                       -                - 
      Common stock, $0.001 par value; 4,000 shares authorized; 2,506 shares issued and outstanding as of 
      January 30, 2022; 3,859 shares issued and 2,479 outstanding as of January 31, 2021                         3                3 
      Additional paid-in capital                                                                            10,385            8,719 
      Treasury stock, at cost (None as of January 30, 2022 and 1,380 shares as of January 31, 2021)             -           (10,756) 
      Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                            (11)              19 
      Retained earnings                                                                                     16,235           18,908 
 Total shareholders' equity                                                                                 26,612           16,893 
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                                                        $        44,187 $         28,791 

                                     See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

                                                                 49 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                          NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
                                                      Common Stock                        Accumulated Other          Total 
                                                       Outstanding     Additional Treasury Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' 
                                                                        Paid-in 
                                                    Shares   Amount     Capital    Stock    Income (Loss) Earnings   Equity 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
                                                                                          $         (12) $ 12,565 $     9,342 
 Balances, January 27, 2019                           2,423 $      3 $     6,049 $ (9,263) 
                                                         -        -           -       -              -      2,796       2,796 
 Net income 
                                                         -        -          -        -              13        -          13 
 Other comprehensive income 
                                                                  -          149      -              -         -         149 
 Issuance of common stock from stock plans              39 
                                                                  -           -      (551)           -         -        (551) 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units (12) 
                                                         -        -           -        -             -       (390)      (390) 
 Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share) 
                                                         -        -          845       -             -         -         845 
 Stock-based compensation 
                                                                   3       7,043    (9,814)           1     14,971     12,204 
 Balances, January 26, 2020                           2,450 
                                                         -        -           -        -             -       4,332      4,332 
 Net income 
                                                         -        -           -        -             18        -          18 
 Other comprehensive income 
                                                                  -          194       -             -         -         194 
 Issuance of common stock from stock plans              40 
                                                                  -           -      (942)           -         -        (942) 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units (11) 
                                                         -        -           -        -             -       (395)      (395) 
 Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share) 
 Fair value of partially vested equity awards assumed in connection with 
                                                         -        -           86       -             -         -          86 
 acquisitions 
                                                        -         -         1,396      -             -         -        1,396 
 Stock-based compensation 
                                                                   3       8,719   (10,756)          19     18,908     16,893 
 Balances, January 31, 2021                           2,479 
                                                         -        -           -        -             -       9,752      9,752 
 Net income 
                                                         -        -           -        -             (30)      -         (30) 
 Other comprehensive loss 
                                                                  -          281       -             -         -         281 
 Issuance of common stock from stock plans              35 
                                                                  -         (614)   (1,290)          -         -       (1,904) 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units (8) 
                                                         -        -           -        -             -       (399)       (399) 
 Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.16 per common share) 
 Fair value of partially vested equity awards assumed in connection with 
                                                         -        -           18       -             -         -          18 
 acquisitions 
                                                         -        -         2,001      -             -         -        2,001 
 Stock-based compensation 
                                                         -        -          (20)   12,046           -     (12,026)       - 
 Retirement of Treasury Stock 
                                                      2,506 $      3 $     10,385 $    - $           (11) $ 16,235 $   26,612 
 Balances, January 30, 2022 

                                       See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

                                                              50 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                                NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
                                                                 (In millions) 
                                                                                                            Year Ended 
                                                                                          January 30,       January 31,        January 26, 
                                                                                             2022               2021              2020 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income                                                                            $          9,752 $           4,332   $          2,796 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
      Stock-based compensation expense                                                            2,004              1,397              844 
      Depreciation and amortization                                                               1,174              1,098              381 
      Deferred income taxes                                                                        (406)             (282)                18 
      (Gains) losses on investments in non-affiliates, net                                         (100)                -                  1 
      Other                                                                                          47               (20)                 4 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
      Accounts receivable                                                                        (2,215)             (550)              (233) 
      Inventories                                                                                  (774)             (524)               597 
      Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                          (1,715)             (394)                77 
      Accounts payable                                                                              568               312                194 
      Accrued and other current liabilities                                                         581               290                 54 
      Other long-term liabilities                                                                   192               163                 28 
 Net cash provided by operating activities                                                        9,108             5,822              4,761 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
      Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities                                          15,197             8,792              4,744 
      Proceeds from sales of marketable securities                                                1,023               527              3,365 
      Purchases of marketable securities                                                        (24,787)           (19,308)           (1,461) 
      Purchases related to property and equipment and intangible assets                            (976)            (1,128)             (489) 
      Acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                           (263)            (8,524)               (4) 
      Investments and other, net                                                                    (24)              (34)               (10) 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                             (9,830)           (19,675)            6,145 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
      Issuance of debt, net of issuance costs                                                     4,977             4,968                 - 
      Proceeds related to employee stock plans                                                      281               194                149 
      Payments related to tax on restricted stock units                                          (1,904)             (942)              (551) 
      Repayment of debt                                                                          (1,000)               -                  - 
      Dividends paid                                                                               (399)             (395)              (390) 
      Principal payments on property and equipment                                                  (83)              (17)                - 
      Other                                                                                          (7)                (4)               - 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                              1,865             3,804               (792) 
 Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                              1,143            (10,049)           10,114 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                                   847             10,896               782 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                            $          1,990   $           847   $         10,896 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net                                                       $            396   $           249   $            176 
 Cash paid for interest                                                                $            246   $           138   $             54 
                                       See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

                                                                      51 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                  NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Our Company 
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. 
All references to "NVIDIA," "we," "us," "our" or the "Company" mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
On July 19, 2021, we executed a four-for-one stock split of our common stock. All share, equity award, and per share amounts and related 
shareholders' equity balances presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split. 

Fiscal Year 
We operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2022 and 2020 were both 52-week years. Fiscal year 
2021 was a 53-week year. 

Reclassifications 
Certain prior fiscal year balances have been reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation. 

Principles of Consolidation 
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances 
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the 
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported 
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. On an on-going basis, we 
evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, cash equivalents and marketable securities, accounts receivable, inventories, 
income taxes, goodwill, stock-based compensation, litigation, investigation and settlement costs, restructuring and other charges, and other 
contingencies. The inputs into our judgments and estimates consider the economic implications of COVID-19. These estimates are based on 
historical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable. 

Revenue Recognition 
We derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing, and cloud 
services. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the 
performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance 
obligations in the contract (where revenue is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to 
determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation); and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance 
obligation. 
Product Sales Revenue 
Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect 
to receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty for the incorporated system, hardware, 
and/or software. Support and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue is 
recognized net of allowances for returns, customer programs and any taxes collected from customers. 
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at 
the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed 
historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to properly reflect our estimated exposure for product 
returns. 

                                                                        52 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                  NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                    (Continued) 

Our customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, and 
marketing development funds, or MDFs, which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and are 
designed to support our partners' activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue and 
accrue for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. 
License and Development Arrangements 
Our license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our IP components. As a result, we 
recognize the revenue from the license and the revenue from the development services as a single performance obligation over the period in which 
the development services are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the 
estimated total cost required to complete each project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provision for 
such loss in that period. 

Software Licensing 
Our software licenses provide our customers with a right to use the software when it is made available to the customer. Customers may purchase 
either perpetual licenses or subscriptions to licenses, which differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. 
Software licenses are frequently sold along with the right to receive, on a when-and-if available basis, future unspecified software updates and 
upgrades. Revenue from software licenses is recognized up front when the software is made available to the customer. Software support revenue is 
recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. 
Cloud Services 
Cloud services, which allow customers to use hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software, are provided on a 
subscription basis or a combination of subscription plus usage. Revenue related to subscription-based cloud services is recognized ratably over the 
contract period. Revenue related to cloud services based on usage is recognized as usage occurs. 

Product Warranties 
We generally offer a limited warranty to end-users that ranges from one to three years for products in order to repair or replace products for any 
manufacturing defects or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at the 
point of revenue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products. We also 
accrue for known warranty and indemnification issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. 

Stock-based Compensation 
We use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restricted 
stock units, or RSUs, and performance stock units that are based on our corporate financial performance targets, or PSUs. We use a Monte Carlo 
simulation on the date of grant to estimate the fair value of performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs. 
The compensation expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line attribution method over the requisite employee 
service period while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortization model. We estimate the fair value of shares 
to be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement of an offering period in 
March and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally, 
we estimate forfeitures at least annually based on historical experience and revise the estimates of forfeiture in subsequent periods if actual 
forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs 
We currently, are, and will likely continue to be subject to claims, litigation, and other actions, including potential regulatory proceedings, involving 
patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, commercial disputes, goods and services 
offered by us and by third parties, and other matters. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigation, and we cannot be 
certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, fines and/or substantial 

                                                                         53 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                   NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                     (Continued) 

settlement payments or judgements. If information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation, 
investigations or settlements is probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss in 
accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, which 
could require us to record additional costs. 

Foreign Currency Remeasurement 
We use the United States dollar as our functional currency for all of our subsidiaries. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are 
remeasured into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment and 
equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at exchange rates in effect during each period, except 
for those expenses related to non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses from 
foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date have not been significant. 

Income Taxes 
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal 
year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects 
attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of 
any tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized. 
Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the 
application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an 
anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States, or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in 
other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential United States and foreign income tax contingencies based on our 
estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the 
recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense 
in our financial statements accordingly. 
As of January 30, 2022, we had a valuation allowance of $907 million related to state and certain other deferred tax assets that management 
determined are not likely to be realized due to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, tax attributes usage limitation by certain 
jurisdictions, and potential utilization limitations of tax attributes acquired as a result of stock ownership changes. To the extent realization of the 
deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as an income tax benefit during the period. 
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the 
technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax 
expense. 

Net Income Per Share 
Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income 
per share is computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period, using the 
treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted net 
income per share for periods when their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 
We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time of 
purchase to be cash equivalents. Marketable securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater than three months when 
purchased. We currently classify our investments as current based on the nature of the investments and their availability for use in current 
operations. 
We classify our cash equivalents and marketable securities related to debt securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. These available- 
for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income 
or loss, a component of shareholders' equity, net of 

                                                                          54 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                    NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                      (Continued) 

tax. The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities includes accrued interest. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are 
determined using the specific-identification method and recorded in the other income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of 
Income. 

All of our available-for-sale debt investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. If the estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt 
securities is less than its amortized cost basis, we determine if the difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses and write-down the 
amortized cost basis of the securities if it is more likely than not we will be required or we intend to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized 
cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in the other income (expense), net section of our Consolidated Statements 
of Income. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their 
relatively short maturities as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021. Marketable securities are comprised of available-for-sale securities that are 
reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains or losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, a component of 
shareholders' equity, net of tax. Fair value of the marketable securities is determined based on quoted market prices. Derivative instruments are 
recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the 
intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, the gains or losses are 
recognized in earnings in the periods of change together with the offsetting losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged. 
For derivative instruments designated as cash-flow hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as a 
component of other comprehensive income or loss and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure is recognized in 
earnings. For derivative instruments not designated for hedge accounting, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable securities, and 
accounts receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment type and 
credit exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio duration. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition 
and maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific customers and an amount based 
on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure excludes amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit. 

Inventories 
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs 
consist primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, manufacturing support costs, including 
labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the cost of purchased memory products 
and other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value 
or for obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future 
product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Once inventory has been written-off or 
written-down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-up. We record a liability for noncancelable purchase 
commitments with suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of obsolete or excess inventory. 

Property and Equipment 
Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using the straight-line method based on the 
estimated useful lives of the assets, generally three to five years. Once an asset is identified for retirement or disposition, the related cost and 
accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty 
years. Depreciation expense includes the amortization of assets recorded under finance leases. Leasehold improvements and assets recorded 
under finance leases are amortized over the shorter of the expected lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. 

                                                                           55 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                   NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                     (Continued) 

Leases 
We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are included in 
operating lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Operating 
lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments 
over the lease term. 

Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our incremental 
borrowing rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any lease incentives. Our lease 
terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognized 
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
We combine the lease and non-lease components in determining the operating lease assets and liabilities. 

Goodwill 
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment exist. For 
the purposes of completing our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis. 
Qualitative factors include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the 
reporting units. 
Our quantitative impairment test considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit's fair value. The income 
and market valuation approaches consider a number of factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information, growth rates, 
residual values, discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to make certain assumptions 
and estimates regarding industry economic factors and the future profitability of our business. 

Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets 
Intangible assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology, in-process research and development, or IPR&D, 
and customer relationships, as well as rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, and acquired IP. We currently amortize our intangible 
assets with finite lives over periods ranging from one to twenty years using a method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the 
intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably determined, using a straight-line amortization method. We 
initially capitalize the fair value of IPR&D as an intangible asset with an indefinite life. When IPR&D projects are completed, we reclassify the IPR&D 
as an amortizable purchased intangible asset and amortize over the asset's estimated useful life. 

Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets or asset 
groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash 
flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash 
flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value 
of the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based on the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or 
asset group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would be 
reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and would no longer be depreciated. 

Business Combination 
We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired, 
including IPR&D, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangible 
and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be 
reasonable, but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and assumptions used in valuing 
intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, discount rate used 

                                                                          56 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                   NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                    (Continued) 

to determine the present value of these cash flows and asset lives. These estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differ 
from the estimates made. As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final 
determination of the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our 
Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred. 

Investment in Non-Affiliated Entities 
Non-marketable equity investments in privately-held companies are recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis only if an impairment or 
observable price adjustment occurs in the period with changes in fair value recorded through net income. These investments are valued using 
observable and unobservable inputs or data in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and 
inherent lack of liquidity. The estimated fair value is based on quantitative and qualitative factors including subsequent financing activities by the 
investee. 

Marketable equity investments in publicly-held companies are recorded at fair value with the related unrealized and realized gains and losses 
recognized in other income (expense), net. 

Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement 
In October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued a new accounting standard to require that an acquirer recognize and measure 
contract assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue from 
Contracts with Customers. We early adopted this accounting standard in the third quarter of fiscal year 2022 and the impact was immaterial. 

Note 2 - Business Combination 

Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement 
On February 8, 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby NVIDIA would have acquired 
Arm from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate because of significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. We 
intend to record in operating expenses a $1.36 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided 
at signing in September 2020. 

Acquisition of Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. 
In April 2020, we completed the acquisition of all outstanding shares of Mellanox for a total purchase consideration of $7.13 billion. Mellanox is a 
supplier of high-performance interconnect products for computing, storage and communications applications. We acquired Mellanox to optimize data 
center workloads to scale across the entire computing, networking, and storage stack. 

                                                                         57 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                       NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                          (Continued) 

Purchase Price Allocation 
The aggregate purchase consideration has been allocated as follows (in millions): 
Purchase Price 
Cash paid for outstanding Mellanox ordinary shares (1)                                                                               $                     7,033 
Cash for Mellanox equity awards (2)                                                                                                                            16 
    Total cash consideration                                                                                                                               7,049 
Fair value of Mellanox equity awards assumed by NVIDIA (3)                                                                                                    85 
    Total purchase consideration                                                                                                     $                     7,134 

Allocation 
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                           $                       115 
Marketable securities                                                                                                                                        699 
Accounts receivable, net                                                                                                                                     216 
Inventories                                                                                                                                                  320 
Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                                                                            179 
Property and equipment, net                                                                                                                                  144 
 Goodwill                                                                                                                                                  3,431 
Intangible assets                                                                                                                                          2,970 
Accounts payable                                                                                                                                            (136) 
Accrued and other current liabilities                                                                                                                       (236) 
Income tax liability                                                                                                                                        (191) 
Deferred income tax liability                                                                                                                               (258) 
Other long-term liabilities                                                                                                                                 (119) 
                                                                                                                                     $                     7,134 

(1) Represents the cash consideration of $125.00 per share paid to Mellanox shareholders for approximately 56 million shares of outstanding Mellanox ordinary shares. 
(2) Represents the cash consideration for the settlement of approximately 249 thousand Mellanox stock options held by employees and non-employee directors of Mellanox. 
(3) Represents the fair value of Mellanox's stock-based compensation awards attributable to pre-combination services. 

We allocated the purchase price to tangible and identified intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the estimated fair values. 

The goodwill is primarily attributable to the planned growth in the combined business of NVIDIA and Mellanox. Goodwill is not amortized to earnings, 
but instead is reviewed for impairment at least annually, absent any interim indicators of impairment. Goodwill recognized in the acquisition is not 
expected to be deductible for foreign tax purposes. Goodwill arising from the Mellanox acquisition has been allocated to the Compute and 
Networking segment. Refer to Note 17 - Segment Information for further details on segments. 
The operating results of Mellanox have been included in our consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2021 since the acquisition date of April 
27, 2020. Revenue attributable to Mellanox was approximately 10% for fiscal year 2021. There is not a practical way to determine net income 
attributable to Mellanox due to integration. Acquisition-related costs attributable to Mellanox of $28 million were included in selling, general and 
administrative expense for fiscal year 2021. 

                                                                                58 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                         NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                            (Continued) 

Intangible Assets 
The estimated fair value and useful life of the acquired intangible assets at the time of the acquisition are as follows: 

                                                                                                             Fair Value                      Useful Lives 
                                                                                                             (In millions) 
 Developed technology (1)                                                                            $                     1,640                 5 years 
 Customer relationships (2)                                                                                                  440                 3 years 
 Order backlog (3)                                                                                                           190      Based on actual shipments 
 Trade names (4)                                                                                                              70                 5 years 
    Total identified finite-lived intangible assets                                                                       2,340 
 IPR&D (5)                                                                                                                   630                   N/A 
    Total identified intangible assets                                                               $                    2,970 

 (1) The fair value of developed technology was identified using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. 
(2) Customer relationships represent the fair value of the existing relationships using the With and Without Method. 
(3) Order backlog represents primarily the fair value of purchase arrangements with customers using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. The intangible asset was fully 
     amortized as of January 31, 2021. 
(4) Trade names primarily relate to Mellanox trade names and fair value was determined by applying the Relief-from-Royalty Method under the income approach. 
(5) The fair value of IPR&D was determined using the Multi-Period Excess Earnings Method. 

The fair value of the finite-lived intangible assets will be amortized over the estimated useful lives based on the pattern in which the economic 
benefits are expected to be received to cost of revenue and operating expenses. 

Mellanox has an IPR&D project associated with the next generation interconnect product that had not yet reached technological feasibility as of the 
acquisition date. Accordingly, we recorded an indefinite-lived intangible asset of $630 million for the fair value of this project, which was initially not 
amortized. Instead, the project is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the project may be 
impaired or may have reached technological feasibility. Once and if the project reaches technological feasibility, we will begin to amortize the 
intangible asset over its estimated useful life. 

Supplemental Unaudited Pro Forma Information 
The following unaudited pro forma financial information summarizes the combined results of operations for NVIDIA and Mellanox as if the 
companies were combined as of the beginning of fiscal year 2020: 

                                                                                                                    Pro Forma 
                                                                                                                    Year Ended 
                                                                                          January 31, 2021                             January 26, 2020 
                                                                                                                    (In millions) 
 Revenue                                                                       $                                 17,104     $                                12,250 
 Net income                                                                    $                                  4,757     $                                 2,114 

The unaudited pro forma information includes adjustments related to amortization of acquired intangible assets, adjustments to stock-based 
compensation expense, fair value of acquired inventory, and transaction costs. The unaudited pro forma information presented above is for 
informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of our consolidated results of operations of the combined business had the acquisition 
actually occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2020 or of the results of our future operations of the combined businesses. 

The pro forma results reflect the inventory step-up expense of $161 million in the fiscal year 2020 and were excluded from the pro forma results for 
fiscal year 2021. There were no other material nonrecurring adjustments. 

                                                                                  59 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                   (Continued) 

Note 3 - Leases 
Our lease obligations primarily consist of operating leases for our headquarters complex, domestic and international office facilities, and data center 
space, with lease periods expiring between fiscal years 2023 and 2035. 
Future minimum lease payments under our non-cancelable operating leases as of January 30, 2022, are as follows: 

                                                                                                                          Operating Lease 
                                                                                                                            Obligations 
                                                                                                                             (In millions) 
Fiscal Year: 
2023                                                                                                                $                       176 
2024                                                                                                                                        162 
2025                                                                                                                                        136 
2026                                                                                                                                        124 
2027                                                                                                                                        114 
2028 and thereafter                                                                                                                         288 
   Total                                                                                                                                  1,000 
Less imputed interest                                                                                                                       115 
Present value of net future minimum lease payments                                                                                          885 
Less short-term operating lease liabilities                                                                                                 144 
  Long-term operating lease liabilities                                                                             $                       741 

In addition to our existing operating lease obligations, we have operating leases that are expected to commence within fiscal year 2023 with lease 
terms of 7 years for $169 million. 

Operating lease expense for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $168 million, $145 million, $114 million, respectively. Short-term and variable 
lease expenses for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 were not significant. 

Other information related to leases was as follows: 
                                                                                                  Year Ended 
                                                                  January 30, 2022             January 31, 2021            January 26, 2020 
                                                                                                  (In millions) 
Supplemental cash flows information 
Operating cash flows used for operating leases                $                     154 $                        141 $                       103 
Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease 
obligations (1)                                               $                     266 $                       200 $                        238 
(1) Fiscal year 2021 includes $80 million of operating lease assets addition due to Mellanox. 
As of January 30, 2022, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.1 years and a weighted average discount rate of 
2.51%. As of January 31, 2021, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.6 years and a weighted average discount 
rate of 2.87%. 

Note 4 - Stock-Based Compensation 
Our stock-based compensation expense is associated with restricted stock units, or RSUs, performance stock units that are based on our corporate 
financial performance targets, or PSUs, performance stock units that are based on market conditions, or market-based PSUs, and our ESPP. 

                                                                       60 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                  NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                   (Continued) 

 Our Consolidated Statements of Income include stock-based compensation expense, net of amounts allocated to inventory, as follows: 
                                                                                                               Year Ended 
                                                                                           January 30,         January 31,        January 26, 
                                                                                               2022               2021                2020 
                                                                                                               (In millions) 
 Cost of revenue                                                                         $            141   $             88   $              39 
 Research and development                                                                           1,298                860                 540 
 Sales, general and administrative                                                                    565                449                 265 
 Total                                                                                  $           2,004   $          1,397   $             844 

 Stock-based compensation capitalized in inventories was not significant during fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020. 

 The following is a summary of equity awards granted under our equity incentive plans: 
                                                                                                               Year Ended 
                                                                                           January 30,         January 31,        January 26, 
                                                                                               2022               2021                2020 
                                                                                                    (In millions, except per share data) 
 RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs 
 Awards granted                                                                                        18                 36                  28 
 Estimated total grant-date fair value                                                  $           3,492   $          2,764   $           1,282 
 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share                                       $          190.69   $          76.81   $           46.12 

 ESPP 
 Shares purchased                                                                                       5                   4                  4 
 Weighted average price per share                                                       $           56.36   $          34.80    $          37.19 
 Weighted average grant-date fair value per share                                       $           23.24   $           16.91   $          16.22 

 As of January 30, 2022, there was $4.87 billion of aggregate unearned stock-based compensation expense, net of forfeitures. This amount is 
 expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.4 years for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, and 0.9 years for ESPP. 

 The fair value of shares issued under our ESPP have been estimated with the following assumptions: 
                                                                                                           Year Ended 
                                                                                     January 30,           January 31,           January 26, 
                                                                                        2022                  2021                  2020 
                                                                                                 (Using the Black-Scholes model) 
 ESPP 
 Weighted average expected life (in years)                                                    0.1-2.0               0.1-2.0               0.1-2.0 
 Risk-free interest rate                                                                     %-0.5%             0.1%-1.6%              1.5%-2.6% 
 Volatility                                                                                20%-58%                26%-89%               30%-82% 
 Dividend yield                                                                                 0.1%            0.1%-0.3%             0.3%-0.4% 

 For ESPP shares, the expected term represents the average term from the first day of the offering period to the purchase date. The risk-free interest 
 rate assumption used to value ESPP shares is based upon observed interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the expected term. Our 
 expected stock price volatility assumption for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grant 
 date. Our RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs, 
 and market-based PSUs are discounted for the dividend yield. 

                                                                        61 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                  (Continued) 

Additionally, for RSU, PSU, and market-based PSU awards, we estimate forfeitures semi-annually and revise the estimates of forfeiture in 
subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience. 

Equity Incentive Program 
We grant or have granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity incentive plans. In 
addition, in connection with our acquisitions of various companies, we have assumed certain stock-based awards granted under their stock incentive 
plans and converted them into our RSUs. 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 
In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as most recently amended and restated, or the 2007 Plan. 
The 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock 
appreciation rights, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants. 
Only our employees may receive incentive stock options. As of January 30, 2022, up to 50 million shares of our common stock could be issued 
pursuant to stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan, of which 6 million shares were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options. All 
options are fully vested, the last of which will expire by December 2023 if not exercised. Currently, we grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs 
under the 2007 Plan, under which, as of January 30, 2022, there were 131 million shares available for future grants. 
Subject to certain exceptions, RSUs granted to employees either vest (A) over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on 
a pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grant and 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter, or (B) over a three-year period, 
subject to continued service, with 40% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grant and 7.5% vesting 
quarterly thereafter. PSUs vest over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the 
anniversary of the date of grant and 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter. Market-based PSUs vest 100% on approximately the three-year anniversary 
of the date of grant. However, the number of shares subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs that are eligible to vest is generally determined 
by the Compensation Committee based on achievement of pre-determined criteria. 
Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

In 2012, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as most recently amended and restated, or the 
2012 Plan. 

Employees who participate in the 2012 Plan may have up to 15% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. The Board may 
decrease this percentage at its discretion. Each offering period is approximately 24 months, which is generally divided into four purchase periods of 
six months. The price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the common 
stock on the commencement date of each offering period or the fair market value of the common stock on each purchase date within the offering. As 
of January 30, 2022, we had 233 million shares reserved for future issuance under the 2012 Plan. 

                                                                       62 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                  (Continued) 

Equity Award Activity 
The following is a summary of our equity award transactions under our equity incentive plans: 
                                                                                        RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs Outstanding 
                                                                                                                   Weighted Average Grant-Date 
                                                                                       Number of Shares                      Fair Value 
                                                                                                (In millions, except per share data) 
Balances, January 31, 2021                                                                                   59    $                       66.17 
   Granted                                                                                                   18    $                      190.69 
  Vested restricted stock                                                                                   (29)   $                       66.67 
  Canceled and forfeited                                                                                     (2)   $                       86.47 
Balances, January 30, 2022                                                                                   46    $                      114.19 
Vested and expected to vest after January 30, 2022                                                           46    $                      113.84 

As of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, there were 131 million and 148 million shares, respectively, of common stock available for future 
grants under our equity incentive plans. 

As of January 30, 2022, the total intrinsic value of options currently exercisable and outstanding was $1.38 billion, with an average exercise price of 
$3.55 per share and an average remaining term of 1.1 years. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $741 million, $521 million, and 
$84 million for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Upon the exercise of an option, we issue new shares of stock. 

The total fair value of RSUs and PSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended January 30, 2022, January 31, 2021, and 
January 26, 2020, was $5.56 billion, $2.67 billion, and $1.45 billion, respectively. 

Note 5 - Net Income Per Share 
The following is a reconciliation of the denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented: 
                                                                                                               Year Ended 
                                                                                           January 30,         January 31,        January 26, 
                                                                                               2022               2021                2020 
                                                                                                    (In millions, except per share data) 
Numerator: 
  Net income                                                                            $           9,752   $          4,332   $           2,796 
Denominator: 
   Basic weighted average shares                                                                    2,496              2,467               2,439 
   Dilutive impact of outstanding equity awards                                                        39                 43                  33 
   Diluted weighted average shares                                                                  2,535              2,510               2,472 
Net income per share: 
   Basic (1)                                                                            $            3.91   $            1.76 $             1.15 
   Diluted (2)                                                                          $            3.85   $            1.73 $             1.13 
Equity awards excluded from diluted net income per share because their effect would 
have been anti-dilutive                                                                                21                 12                  44 

(1) Calculated as net income divided by basic weighted average shares. 
(2) Calculated as net income divided by diluted weighted average shares. 

                                                                        63 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                         NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                             (Continued) 

Note 6 - Goodwill 

As of January 30, 2022, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $4.35 billion, consisting of goodwill balances allocated to our Graphics and 
Compute & Networking reporting units of $361 million and $3.99 billion, respectively. As of January 31, 2021, the total carrying amount of goodwill 
was $4.19 billion, consisting of goodwill balances allocated to our Graphics and Compute & Networking reporting units of $347 million and 
$3.85 billion, respectively. Goodwill increased by $156 million in fiscal year 2022 from acquisitions. We assigned $143 million of the increase in 
goodwill to our Compute & Networking segment and assigned $13 million of the increase to our Graphics segment. During the fourth quarters of 
fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, we completed our annual impairment tests and concluded that goodwill was not impaired in any of these years. 

Note 7 - Amortizable Intangible Assets 
The components of our amortizable intangible assets are as follows: 
                                                             January 30, 2022                                                 January 31, 2021 
                                             Gross                                         Net                Gross                                         Net 
                                           Carrying            Accumulated               Carrying           Carrying            Accumulated              Carrying 
                                            Amount              Amortization             Amount              Amount             Amortization             Amount 
                                                                (In millions)                                                     (In millions) 
 Acquisition-related intangible 
 assets (1)                            $           3,418    $             (1,304)    $         2,114     $         3,280    $                (774)   $          2,506 
 Patents and licensed technology                     717                    (492)                 225                706                     (475)                231 
 Total intangible assets               $           4,135    $             (1,796)    $         2,339     $         3,986    $             (1,249)    $          2,737 

 (1) As of January 30, 2022, acquisition-related intangible assets include the fair value of a Mellanox in-process research and development project of $630 million, which has 
     not yet commenced amortization. 
Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $563 million, $612 million, and $25 
million, respectively. Future amortization expense related to the net carrying amount of intangible assets, excluding in-process research and 
development, as of January 30, 2022 is estimated to be $585 million in fiscal year 2023, $461 million in fiscal year 2024, $405 million in fiscal year 
2025, $121 million in fiscal year 2026, $16 million in fiscal year 2027, and $121 million in fiscal year 2028 and thereafter. 

Note 8 - Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 
Our cash equivalents and marketable securities related to debt securities are classified as "available-for-sale" debt securities. 

                                                                                   64 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                          NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                        (Continued) 

The following is a summary of cash equivalents and marketable securities as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021: 
                                                                       January 30, 2022 
                                                                                                      Reported as 
                                    Amortized     Unrealized      Unrealized     Estimated        Cash         Marketable 
                                      Cost           Gain            Loss        Fair Value    Equivalents     Securities 
                                                                          (In millions) 
Corporate debt securities         $      9,977 $           -    $          (3) $      9,974 $         1,102 $        8,872 
Debt securities issued by the United 
States Treasury                          7,314             -              (14)        7,300              -           7,300 
Debt securities issued by United States 
government agencies                      1,612             -               -          1,612            256           1,356 
Certificates of deposit                  1,561              -              -          1,561             21           1,540 
Money market funds                        316              -               -            316            316              - 
Foreign government bonds                   150              -              -            150              -             150 
Total                             $     20,930 $           -    $         (17) $     20,913 $         1,695 $       19,218 

                                                                       January 31, 2021 
                                                                                                       Reported as 
                                    Amortized      Unrealized      Unrealized     Estimated       Cash         Marketable 
                                       Cost           Gain           Loss         Fair Value   Equivalents      Securities 
                                                                          (In millions) 
Corporate debt securities          $     4,442 $             2   $          -   $     4,444 $           234 $        4,210 
Debt securities issued by United 
States government agencies               2,975               1              -         2,976              28          2,948 
Debt securities issued by the United 
States Treasury                          2,846              -               -         2,846              25          2,821 
Certificates of deposit                    705              -               -           705              37            668 
Money market funds                         313              -               -           313             313             - 
                                                                            -            67              -              67 
Foreign government bonds                    67              - 
                                                                            -   $     11,351 $          637 $       10,714 
Total                              $     11,348 $            3   $ 

                                                             65 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                  NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                   (Continued) 

The following table provides the breakdown of unrealized losses as of January 30, 2022, aggregated by investment category and length of time that 
individual securities have been in a continuous loss position: 
                                          Less than 12 Months                   12 Months or Greater                          Total 
                                                           Gross 
                                    Estimated Fair       Unrealized       Estimated Fair          Gross         Estimated Fair         Gross 
                                         Value              Loss              Value         Unrealized Loss         Value        Unrealized Loss 
                                                                             (In millions) 
Corporate debt securities           $         2,445   $             (3) $              19   $             -    $         2,464   $             (3) 
Debt securities issued by the United 
States Treasury                               5,292                (14)                -                  -              5,292                (14) 
Total                               $         7,737   $            (17) $             19    $             -    $         7,756   $            (17) 

Net realized gains and unrealized gains and losses were not significant for all periods presented. 
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of cash equivalents and marketable securities as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021 are shown 
below by contractual maturity. 
                                                                                  January 30, 2022                     January 31, 2021 
                                                                            Amortized          Estimated         Amortized          Estimated 
                                                                               Cost            Fair Value           Cost            Fair Value 
                                                                                                        (In millions) 
Less than one year                                                       $        16,346   $         16,343   $         10,782   $        10,783 
Due in 1 - 5 years                                                                 4,584              4,570                566               568 
Total                                                                    $        20,930   $         20,913   $         11,348   $        11,351 

Note 9 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 
The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or quoted market prices of similar 
assets from active markets. We review fair value hierarchy classification on a quarterly basis. 

                                                                        66 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                    NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                      (Continued) 

                                                                                                                         Fair Value at 
                                                                              Pricing Category            January 30, 2022          January 31, 2021 
                                                                                                                          (In millions) 
Assets 
Cash equivalents and marketable securities: 
    Money market funds                                                              Level 1             $                  316   $                  313 
     Corporate debt securities                                                      Level 2             $                9,974   $                4,444 
    Debt securities issued by the United States Treasury                            Level 2             $                7,300   $                2,846 
    Debt securities issued by United States government agencies                     Level 2             $                1,612   $                2,976 
    Certificates of deposit                                                         Level 2             $                1,561   $                  705 
    Foreign government bonds                                                        Level 2             $                  150   $                    67 
 Other assets (Investment in non-affiliated entities): 
    Publicly-held equity securities (1)                                             Level 1             $                   58   $                    - 
    Privately-held equity securities                                                Level 3             $                  208   $                  144 

Liabilities (2) 
    2.20% Notes Due 2021                                                            Level 2             $                   -    $                1,011 
    0.309% Notes Due 2023                                                           Level 2             $                1,236   $                    - 
    0.584% Notes Due 2024                                                           Level 2             $                1,224   $                    - 
    3.20% Notes Due 2026                                                            Level 2             $                1,055   $                1,124 
     1.55% Notes Due 2028                                                           Level 2             $                1,200   $                    - 
    2.85% Notes Due 2030                                                            Level 2             $                1,542   $                1,654 
    2.00% Notes Due 2031                                                            Level 2             $                1,200   $                    - 
    3.50% Notes Due 2040                                                            Level 2             $                1,066   $                1,152 
    3.50% Notes Due 2050                                                            Level 2             $                2,147   $                2,308 
    3.70% Notes Due 2060                                                            Level 2             $                  551   $                  602 

(1) Unrealized gains of $48 million from an investment in a publicly-traded equity security were recorded in other income (expense), net, in fiscal year 2022. 
(2) These liabilities are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuance value, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs. 

                                                                           67 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                        NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                           (Continued) 

Note 10 - Balance Sheet Components 
Certain balance sheet components are as follows: 
                                                                                                                            January 30,            January 31, 
                                                                                                                                2022                  2021 
                                                                                                                                        (In millions) 
Inventories: 
Raw materials                                                                                                            $              791    $              632 
Work in-process                                                                                                                         692                   457 
Finished goods                                                                                                                        1,122                   737 
     Total inventories                                                                                                   $            2,605    $            1,826 

                                                                                                  January 30,          January 31,               Estimated 
                                                                                                      2022                 2021                 Useful Life 
                                                                                                             (In millions)                       (In years) 
Property and Equipment: 
Land                                                                                           $             218     $             218               (A) 
Buildings, leasehold improvements, and furniture                                                             874                   796               (B) 
Equipment, compute hardware, and software                                                                  2,852                 1,985               3-5 
 Construction in process                                                                                     737                   558               (C) 
     Total property and equipment, gross                                                                   4,681                 3,557 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                                                  (1,903)              (1,408) 
     Total property and equipment, net                                                         $           2,778     $           2,149 

(A) Land is a non-depreciable asset. 
(B) The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years. Leasehold improvements and finance leases are amortized based on the lesser of either the asset's 
     estimated useful life or the expected lease term. 
(C)   Construction in process represents assets that are not available for their intended use as of the balance sheet date. 

Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $611 million, $486 million, and $355 million, respectively. 

Accumulated amortization of leasehold improvements and finance leases was $265 million and $223 million as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 
2021, respectively. 

Property, equipment and intangible assets acquired by assuming related liabilities during fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 were $258 million, 
$157 million, and $212 million, respectively. 

                                                                                                                           January 30,            January 31, 
                                                                                                                               2022                   2021 
 Other assets:                                                                                                                         (In millions) 
 Prepaid supply agreements                                                                                             $             1,747    $                 - 
Advanced consideration for acquisition (1)                                                                                           1,357                  1,357 
 Prepaid royalties                                                                                                                     409                    440 
 Investment in non-affiliated entities                                                                                                 266                    144 
 Other                                                                                                                                   62                   203 
     Total other assets                                                                                                $             3,841    $             2,144 
(1)   Refer to Note 2 - Business Combination for further details on the Arm acquisition. 

                                                                                 68 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                         NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                             (Continued) 

                                                                                                                              January 30,            January 31, 
                                                                                                                                  2022                    2021 
                                                                                                                                          (In millions) 
Accrued and Other Current Liabilities: 
 Customer program accruals                                                                                                $             1,000     $               630 
Accrued payroll and related expenses                                                                                                      409                     297 
 Deferred revenue (1)                                                                                                                     300                     288 
Excess inventory purchase obligations                                                                                                      196                     52 
 Other                                                                                                                                    647                     510 
     Total accrued and other current liabilities                                                                          $             2,552     $             1,777 

 (1) Deferred revenue primarily includes customer advances and deferrals related to license and development arrangements, support for hardware and software, and cloud 
     services. 

                                                                                                                               January 30,            January 31, 
                                                                                                                                   2022                   2021 
                                                                                                                                           (In millions) 
 Other Long-Term Liabilities: 
 Income tax payable (1)                                                                                                     $              980     $              836 
 Deferred income tax                                                                                                                       245                    241 
 Deferred revenue (2)                                                                                                                      202                    163 
 Other                                                                                                                                     126                    135 
     Total other long-term liabilities                                                                                      $            1,553     $            1,375 

 (1) As of January 30, 2022, income tax payable represents the long-term portion of the one-time transition tax payable of $251 million, long-term portion of the unrecognized 
     tax benefits of $670 million, and related interest and penalties of $59 million. 
 (2) Deferred revenue primarily includes deferrals related to support for hardware and software. 

Deferred Revenue 
The following table shows the changes in deferred revenue during fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 
                                                                                                                             January 30,             January 31, 
                                                                                                                                 2022                    2021 
                                                                                                                                          (In millions) 
 Balance at beginning of period                                                                                          $                451    $                201 
 Deferred revenue added during the period                                                                                                 821                     536 
 Addition due to business combinations                                                                                                       8                      75 
 Revenue recognized during the period                                                                                                    (778)                   (361) 
 Balance at end of period                                                                                                $                502    $                451 

Revenue related to remaining performance obligations represents the contracted license and development arrangements and support for hardware 
and software. This includes deferred revenue currently recorded and amounts that will be invoiced in future periods. As of January 30, 2022, 
$624 million of revenue related to performance obligations had not been recognized, of which we expect to recognize approximately 49% over the 
next twelve months and the remainder thereafter. This excludes revenue related to performance obligations for contracts with a length of one year or 
less. 

                                                                                   69 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                    NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                      (Continued) 

Note 11 - Derivative Financial Instruments 
We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. 
These contracts are designated as cash flow hedges for hedge accounting treatment. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulated 
other comprehensive income or loss and reclassified to operating expense when the related operating expenses are recognized in earnings or 
ineffectiveness should occur. The fair value of the contracts was not significant as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021. 
We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities that are 
denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollar. These forward contracts were not designated for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore, the 
change in fair value of these contracts is recorded in other income or expense and offsets the change in fair value of the hedged foreign currency 
denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which is also recorded in other income or expense. 
The table below presents the notional value of our foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021: 
                                                                                                                   January 30,          January 31, 
                                                                                                                       2022                 2021 
                                                                                                                              (In millions) 
Designated as cash flow hedges                                                                                  $           1,023    $             840 
Non-designated hedges                                                                                           $             408    $             441 

As of January 30, 2022, all designated foreign currency forward contracts mature within eighteen months. The expected realized gains and losses 
deferred into accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to foreign currency forward contracts within the next twelve months was not 
significant. 

During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the impact of derivative financial instruments designated for hedge accounting treatment on other 
comprehensive income or loss was not significant and all such instruments were determined to be highly effective. 

Note 12 - Debt 

Long-Term Debt 
In June 2021, March 2020, and September 2016, we issued a total of $5.00 billion, $5.00 billion, and $2.00 billion aggregate principal of senior 
notes, respectively. The net proceeds from these offerings were $4.98 billion, $4.97 billion, and $1.98 billion, respectively, after deducting debt 
discount and issuance costs. 

On August 16, 2021, we repaid the $1.00 billion of 2.20% Notes Due 2021. 
All of our notes are unsecured senior obligations. All existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the notes. Our notes 
pay interest semi-annually. We may redeem each of our notes prior to maturity, subject to a make-whole premium as defined in the applicable form 
of note. 

                                                                           70 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                (Continued) 

The carrying value of the Notes, the calendar year of maturity, and the associated interest rates were as follows: 
                                                                      Expected              Effective      January 30,       January 31, 
                                                              Remaining Term (years)      Interest Rate        2022             2021 
                                                                                                                     (In millions) 
 2.20% Notes Due 2021                                                    -                   2.38%       $            -    $         1,000 
 0.309% Notes Due 2023                                                   1.4                 0.41%                 1,250                - 
 0.584% Notes Due 2024                                                   2.4                 0.66%                 1,250                - 
 3.20% Notes Due 2026                                                    4.6                 3.31%                 1,000             1,000 
 1.55% Notes Due 2028                                                    6.4                 1.64%                 1,250                - 
 2.85% Notes Due 2030                                                    8.2                 2.93%                 1,500             1,500 
 2.00% Notes Due 2031                                                    9.4                 2.09%                 1,250                - 
 3.50% Notes Due 2040                                                   18.2                 3.54%                 1,000             1,000 
 3.50% Notes Due 2050                                                   28.2                 3.54%                 2,000            2,000 
 3.70% Notes Due 2060                                                   38.2                 3.73%                   500              500 
 Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs                                                                        (54)              (37) 
  Net carrying amount                                                                                             10,946             6,963 
 Less short-term portion                                                                                              -               (999) 
  Total long-term portion                                                                                $        10,946   $         5,964 

 As of January 30, 2022, we were in compliance with the required covenants under the Notes. 

 Commercial Paper 
We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of January 30, 2022, we had not issued any 
 commercial paper. 

 Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies 

 Purchase Obligations 
 Our purchase obligations primarily include our commitments to purchase components used to manufacture our products, including long-term supply 
 agreements, certain software and technology licenses, other goods and services and long-lived assets. 
We have entered into several long-term supply agreements, under which we have made advance payments and have $1.58 billion remaining 
unpaid. As of January 30, 2022, we had outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply obligations totaling $9.00 billion, inclusive of the 
$1.58 billion, and other purchase obligations totaling $1.30 billion. 

 Total future unconditional purchase commitments as of January 30, 2022, are as follows: 
                                                                                                                      Commitments 
                                                                                                                        (In millions) 
 Fiscal Year: 
 2023                                                                                                           $                   9,302 
 2024                                                                                                                                 765 
 2025                                                                                                                                 201 
 2026                                                                                                                                  28 
   Total                                                                                                        $                  10,296 

                                                                     71 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                   NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                     (Continued) 

In March 2022, we entered into a supply agreement with payments of $670 million to be paid over nine years. 

Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities 
The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $46 million and $22 million as of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, respectively. 
In connection with certain agreements that we have entered in the past, we have provided indemnities for matters such as tax, product, and 
employee liabilities. We have included IP indemnification provisions in our technology related agreements with third parties. Maximum potential 
future payments cannot be estimated because many of these agreements do not have a maximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liability 
for such indemnifications. 

Litigation 
Securities Class Action and Derivative Lawsuits 
The plaintiffs in the putative securities class action lawsuit, captioned 4:18-cv-07669-HSG, initially filed on December 21, 2018 in the United States 
District Court for the Northern District of California, and titled In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation, filed an amended complaint on May 13, 
2020. The amended complaint asserted that NVIDIA and certain NVIDIA executives violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended, or the Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 10b-5, by making materially false or misleading statements related to channel inventory and the 
impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand between May 10, 2017 and November 14, 2018. Plaintiffs also alleged that the NVIDIA executives 
who they named as defendants violated Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Plaintiffs sought class certification, an award of unspecified 
compensatory damages, an award of reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees and expert fees, and further relief as the Court may 
deem just and proper. On March 2, 2021, the district court granted NVIDIA's motion to dismiss the complaint without leave to amend, entered 
judgment in favor of NVIDIA and closed the case. On March 30, 2021, plaintiffs filed an appeal from judgment in the United States Court of Appeals 
for the Ninth Circuit, case number 21-15604. Oral argument is scheduled for May 10, 2022. 
The putative derivative lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned 4:19-cv-00341-HSG, 
initially filed January 18, 2019 and titled In re NVIDIA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation, was stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs' 
appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 22, 2022, the court administratively closed the case, but stated that 
it would reopen the case once the appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action is resolved. The lawsuit asserts claims, 
purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate 
assets, and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading 
statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages 
and other relief, including reforms and improvements to NVIDIA's corporate governance and internal procedures. 
The putative derivative actions initially filed September 24, 2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Lipchitz 
v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-UNA) and Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798- UNA), remain stayed pending resolution of 
the plaintiffs' appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. The lawsuits assert claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against 
certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, insider trading, misappropriation of information, 
corporate waste and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false, and 
misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified 
damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governance measures. 
Accounting for Loss Contingencies 
As of January 30, 2022, we have not recorded any accrual for contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based on 
our belief that liabilities, while possible, are not probable. Further, except as specifically described above, any possible loss or range of loss in these 
matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of business 
and, while there can be no assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse 
effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position. 

                                                                          72 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                        NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                            (Continued) 

Note 14 - Income Taxes 

The income tax expense (benefit) applicable to income before income taxes consists of the following: 
                                                                                                                             Year Ended 
                                                                                                       January 30,           January 31,            January 26, 
                                                                                                           2022                   2021                  2020 
                                                                                                                              (In millions) 
Current income taxes: 
Federal                                                                                             $              482    $               197    $               65 
 State                                                                                                              42                       1                     4 
Foreign                                                                                                             71                    161                    87 
Total current                                                                                                      595                   359                    156 
Deferred taxes: 
Federal                                                                                                           (420)                  (246)                     2 
Foreign                                                                                                              14                   (36)                    16 
 Total deferred                                                                                                   (406)                  (282)                    18 
                                                                                                                                           77    $              174 
 Income tax expense                                                                                 $              189    $ 

Income before income tax consists of the following: 

                                                                                                                              Year Ended 
                                                                                                        January 30,           January 31,           January 26, 
                                                                                                            2022                  2021                  2020 
                                                                                                                              (In millions) 
 Domestic (1)                                                                                       $            8,446     $            1,437    $              620 
 Foreign                                                                                                         1,495                  2,972                 2,350 
                                                                                                                           $            4,409    $            2,970 
       Income before income tax                                                                     $            9,941 

(1) 1) Fiscal year 2022 domestic income before income tax increased as compared to fiscal years 2021 and 2020 due to the Domestication in the second quarter of fiscal year 
     2022. 

                                                                                  73 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                            NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                                 (Continued) 

The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before income 
taxes as follows: 
                                                                                                                                      Year Ended 
                                                                                                              January 30,             January 31,             January 26, 
                                                                                                                  2022                    2021                    2020 
                                                                                                                                       (In millions) 
 Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate                                                            $            2,088     $               926     $               624 
 Expense (benefit) resulting from: 
    State income taxes, net of federal tax effect                                                                           42                      10                      12 
    Foreign-derived intangible income                                                                                    (520)                       -                      - 
    Foreign tax rate differential                                                                                         (497)                  (561)                   (301) 
    Stock-based compensation                                                                                             (337)                   (136)                     (60) 
    U.S. federal R&D tax credit                                                                                           (289)                  (173)                   (110) 
    IP domestication                                                                                                      (244)                     -                       - 
    Other                                                                                                                  (54)                     11                       9 
 Income tax expense                                                                                        $               189    $                 77    $                174 

 The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below: 
                                                                                                                                      January 30,             January 31, 
                                                                                                                                          2022                    2021 
                                                                                                                                                  (In millions) 
 Deferred tax assets: 
    Research and other tax credit carryforwards                                                                                   $                798    $               650 
    Property, equipment and intangible assets                                                                                                     530                       32 
    GILTI deferred tax assets                                                                                                                     378                     709 
    Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for tax purposes                                                                              258                       59 
    Operating lease liabilities                                                                                                                    125                     120 
    Net operating loss carryforwards                                                                                                               118                     100 
    Stock-based compensation                                                                                                                        86                      36 
    Other deferred tax assets                                                                                                                       22                      - 
 Gross deferred tax assets                                                                                                                      2,315                   1,706 
 Less valuation allowance                                                                                                                        (907)                   (728) 
 Total deferred tax assets                                                                                                                      1,408                     978 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
    Acquired intangibles                                                                                                                         (169)                   (191) 
    Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries                                                                                                  (150)                   (111) 
    Operating lease assets                                                                                                                        (113)                  (111) 
 Gross deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                   (432)                  (413) 
 Net deferred tax asset (1)                                                                                                       $               976     $               565 
 (1) Net deferred tax asset includes long-term deferred tax assets of $1.22 billion and $806 million and long-term deferred tax liabilities of $245 million and $241 million for fiscal 
 years 2022 and 2021, respectively. Long-term deferred tax liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 We recognized income tax expense of $189 million, $77 million, and $174 million for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. Our annual 
 effective tax rate was 1.9%, 1.7%, and 5.9% for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The increase in our effective tax rate in fiscal year 
 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021 was primarily due to an 

                                                                                       74 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                   NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                     (Continued) 

increase in the amount of earnings subject to U.S. tax, and a decreased impact of tax benefits from the U.S. federal research tax credit, partially 
offset by the benefit of the foreign-derived intangible income deduction and the discrete benefit of the Domestication. The decrease in our effective 
tax rate in fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020 was primarily due to a decrease in the proportional amount of earnings subject to United 
States tax and an increase of tax benefits from stock-based compensation. 
On June 28, 2021, we simplified our corporate structure by repatriating the economic rights of certain non-U.S. IP to the United States via 
domestication of a foreign subsidiary, or the Domestication. The Domestication more closely aligns our corporate structure to our operating structure 
in accordance with the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's Base Erosion and Profit Shifting conclusions and changes to 
U.S. and European tax laws. The impact of the Domestication, which is regarded as a change in tax status, resulted in a discrete benefit primarily 
from re-valuing certain deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, of $244 million in fiscal year 2022. 
Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due to tax benefits from the foreign-derived intangible 
income deduction, income earned in jurisdictions, including the British Virgin Islands and Israel, that are subject to taxes lower than the U.S. federal 
statutory tax rate, excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, recognition of U.S. federal research tax credits and the one-time 
benefits of the Domestication. 
Our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2021 and 2020 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to income earned in 
jurisdictions, including the British Virgin Islands, Israel and Hong Kong, where the tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, 
recognition of U.S. federal research tax credits, and excess tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. 
During the second quarter of fiscal year 2021, we completed the acquisition of Mellanox. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded $256 million of 
net deferred tax liabilities primarily on the excess of book basis over the tax basis of the acquired intangible assets and undistributed earnings in 
certain foreign subsidiaries. We also recorded $153 million of long-term tax liabilities related to tax basis differences in Mellanox. 
As of January 30, 2022, we intend to indefinitely reinvest approximately $1.05 billion and $232 million of cumulative undistributed earnings held by 
certain subsidiaries in Israel and the United Kingdom, respectively. We have not provided the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for 
temporary differences related to these investments as the determination of such amount is not practicable. 
As of January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021, we had a valuation allowance of $907 million and $728 million, respectively, related to state and 
certain other deferred tax assets that management determined not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable 
income. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income 
tax benefits during the period. 
As of January 30, 2022, we had federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $397 million, $345 million and $341 million, 
respectively. The federal and state carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal year 2023. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $341 million 
may be carried forward indefinitely. As of January 30, 2022, we had federal research tax credit carryforwards of $102 million that will begin to expire 
in fiscal year 2042. We have state research tax credit carryforwards of $1.24 billion, of which $1.18 billion is attributable to the State of California and 
may be carried over indefinitely, and $55 million is attributable to various other states and will begin to expire in fiscal year 2023. Our tax attributes, 
net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, remain subject to audit and may be adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws, other 
authoritative interpretations thereof, or other facts and circumstances. Utilization of federal, state, and foreign net operating losses and tax credit 
carryforwards may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and other limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar 
state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the federal, state, or foreign net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, as 
applicable, may expire or be denied before utilization. 
As of January 30, 2022, we had $1.01 billion of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $808 million would affect our effective tax rate if 
recognized. However, $181 million of the unrecognized tax benefits were related to state income tax positions taken, that, if recognized, would be in 
the form of a carryforward deferred tax asset that would likely attract a full valuation allowance. The $808 million of net unrecognized tax benefits as 
of January 30, 2022 consisted of $670 million recorded in non-current income taxes payable and $138 million reflected as a net reduction to the 
deferred tax assets. 

                                                                          75 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                  NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                    (Continued) 

A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 
                                                                                            January 30,         January 31,         January 26, 
                                                                                               2022                 2021                2020 
                                                                                                                 (In millions) 
Balance at beginning of period                                                           $            776    $             583   $             477 
Increases in tax positions for current year                                                           246                  158                 104 
Increases in tax positions for prior years (1)                                                          14                  60                    7 
Decreases in tax positions for prior years                                                              (4)                (11)                  - 
Settlements                                                                                             (8)                 (5)                  - 
Lapse in statute of limitations                                                                        (11)                 (9)                  (5) 
Balance at end of period                                                                 $           1,013   $             776   $             583 

(1) The fiscal year 2021 balance represents prior year gross unrecognized tax benefits recorded as a result of the Mellanox acquisition. 

We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for 
income taxes within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term deferred tax assets or amount refundable, if 
we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes during a period beyond a year. 
We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. As of January 30, 2022, January 31, 
2021, and January 26, 2020, we had accrued $59 million, $44 million, and $31 million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties related 
to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of our unrecognized tax benefits. As of January 30, 2022, unrecognized tax 
benefits of $670 million and the related interest and penalties of $59 million are included in non-current income taxes payable. 
While we believe that we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax authorities could be greater or less than our 
accrued position. Accordingly, our provisions on federal, state and foreign tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may change as revised 
estimates are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 30, 2022, we do not believe that our estimates, as 
otherwise provided for, on such tax positions will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months. 
We are subject to taxation by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 30, 2022, the significant tax jurisdictions 
that may be subject to examination include China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Taiwan, United Kingdom, and the United States for fiscal 
years 2005 through 2021. As of January 30, 2022, the significant tax jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include Germany, 
India, Israel, and the United States for fiscal years 2005 through 2019. 

Note 15 - Shareholders' Equity 

Capital Return Program 
Beginning August 2004, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our stock. 
Through January 30, 2022, we have repurchased an aggregate of 1.04 billion shares under our share repurchase program for a total cost of $7.08 
billion. As of January 30, 2022, we have a remaining authorization, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase shares of our common stock up 
to $7.24 billion through December 2022. From January 31, 2022 through March 17, 2022, we repurchased 7.7 million shares of our common stock 
for $1.75 billion. 

During fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020, we paid $399 million, $395 million, and $390 million in cash dividends to our shareholders, respectively. 
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, our Board of Directors approved the retirement of our existing 349 million treasury shares. These 
shares assumed the status of authorized and unissued shares upon retirement. The excess of repurchase price over par value was allocated 
between additional paid-in capital and retained earnings, resulting in a reduction in additional paid-in capital by $20 million and retained earnings by 
$12.0 billion. Any future repurchased shares will assume the status of authorized and unissued shares. 

                                                                         76 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                  (Continued) 

Note 16 - Employee Retirement Plans 
We provide tax-qualified defined contribution plans to eligible employees in the U.S. and certain other countries. Our contribution expense for fiscal 
years 2022, 2021, and 2020 was $168 million, $120 million, and $76 million, respectively. 

Note 17 - Segment Information 
Our Chief Executive Officer, who is considered to be our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, reviews financial information presented on an 
operating segment basis for purposes of making decisions and assessing financial performance. 
Our Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, and 
solutions for gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; vGPU software for cloud-based visual and virtual 
computing; automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse software for building 3D designs and virtual worlds. 
Our Compute & Networking segment includes Data Center platforms and systems for Al, HPC, and accelerated computing; Mellanox networking 
and interconnect solutions; automotive Al Cockpit, autonomous driving development agreements, and autonomous vehicle solutions; CMP; Jetson 
for robotics and other embedded platforms; and NVIDIA Al Enterprise and other software. 
Operating results by segment include costs or expenses that are directly attributable to each segment, and costs or expenses that are leveraged 
across our unified architecture and therefore allocated between our two segments. 
The "All Other" category includes the expenses that our CODM does not assign to either Graphics or Compute & Networking for purposes of making 
operating decisions or assessing financial performance. The expenses include stock-based compensation expense, corporate infrastructure and 
support costs, acquisition-related costs, IP-related costs, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in 
nature. 
Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. Depreciation and amortization expense directly 
attributable to each reportable segment is included in operating results for each segment. However, the CODM does not evaluate depreciation and 
amortization expense by operating segment and, therefore, it is not separately presented. There is no intersegment revenue. The accounting 
policies for segment reporting are the same as for our consolidated financial statements. The table below presents details of our reportable 
segments and the "All Other" category. 

                                                                                    Compute & 
                                                               Graphics             Networking             All Other          Consolidated 
                                                                                                (In millions) 
Year Ended January 30, 2022: 
Revenue                                                   $           15,868    $           11,046    $               - $               26,914 
Operating income (loss)                                   $            8,492    $            4,598    $           (3,049) $             10,041 

Year Ended January 31, 2021: 
Revenue                                                   $            9,834    $             6,841   $               - $               16,675 
Operating income (loss)                                   $            4,612    $             2,548   $           (2,628) $              4,532 

Year Ended January 26, 2020: 
Revenue                                                   $            7,639    $            3,279    $                    $            10,918 
Operating income (loss)                                   $            3,267    $              751    $           (1,172) $              2,846 

                                                                       77 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                                 NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                                  (Continued) 

                                                                                                           Year Ended 
                                                                                     January 30,          January 31,           January 26, 
                                                                                         2022                 2021                  2020 
                                                                                                           (In millions) 
Reconciling items included in "All Other" category: 
Stock-based compensation expense                                                 $            (2,004) $            (1,397) $               (844) 
Acquisition-related intangible asset amortization, inventory step-up charge, and 
other costs                                                                                     (636)                (836)                  (31) 
Unallocated cost of revenue and operating expenses                                              (399)                (357)                 (283) 
IP-related costs                                                                                 (10)                 (38)                  (14) 
Total                                                                            $            (3,049) $            (2,628) $             (1,172) 

Revenue by geographic region is allocated to individual countries based on the location to which the products are initially billed even if our 
customers' revenue is attributable to end customers that are located in a different location. The following table summarizes information pertaining to 
our revenue from customers based on the invoicing address by geographic regions: 
                                                                                                          Year Ended 
                                                                                    January 30,           January 31,           January 26, 
                                                                                        2022                  2021                 2020 
Revenue:                                                                                                   (In millions) 
  Taiwan                                                                        $             8,544   $             4,531   $             3,025 
   China (including Hong Kong)                                                                7,111                 3,886                 2,731 
   United States                                                                              4,349                 3,214                   886 
  Other countries                                                                             6,910                 5,044                 4,276 
Total revenue                                                                   $            26,914   $            16,675   $            10,918 

No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal years 2022 and 2021. One customer represented 11% of our total revenue for 
fiscal year 2020 and was attributable primarily to the Graphics segment. 
Two customers represented 22% of our accounts receivable balance as of January 30, 2022. One customer represented 16% of our accounts 
receivable balance as of January 31, 2021. 

The following table summarizes information pertaining to our revenue by each of the specialized markets we serve: 

                                                                                                           Year Ended 
                                                                                     January 30,           January 31,          January 26, 
                                                                                         2022                 2021                  2020 
Revenue:                                                                                                   (In millions) 
   Gaming                                                                         $           12,462   $            7,759   $             5,518 
   Data Center                                                                                10,613                6,696                 2,983 
   Professional Visualization                                                                  2,111                1,053                 1,212 
   Automotive                                                                                    566                  536                   700 
   OEM & Other                                                                                 1,162                  631                   505 
Total revenue                                                                     $           26,914   $           16,675   $            10,918 

                                                                       78 
<<<

Table of Contents 
                                               NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
                                                               (Continued) 

The following table presents summarized information for long-lived assets by country. Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and 
exclude other assets, operating lease assets, goodwill, and intangible assets. 
                                                                                                        January 30,       January 31, 
                                                                                                           2022               2021 
 Long-lived assets:                                                                                              (In millions) 
   United States                                                                                     $          2,023   $          1,643 
   Taiwan                                                                                                         379               183 
   Israel                                                                                                         185               147 
   Other countries                                                                                                191               176 
 Total long-lived assets                                                                             $          2,778   $         2,149 

                                                                    79 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                                          NVIDIA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
                                                 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
                                                                     Balance at 
                                                                    Beginning of                                                                        Balance at 
                         Description                                    Period                Additions                   Deductions                  End of Period 
                                                                                                              (In millions) 
 Fiscal year 2022 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                                $                   4    $                 - (1) $                            (1) $                   4 
 Sales return allowance                                         $                  17    $                 19 (2)     $                 (23) (4)   $                 13 
                                                                                                                                         -         $                907 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance                               $                728     $                179 (3)     $ 
 Fiscal year 2021 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                                $                   2    $                   2 (1)    $                  - (1)     $                  4 
 Sales return allowance                                         $                   9    $                 30 (2) $                     (22) (4) $                   17 
                                                                                                                                         -         $                728 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance                               $                621     $                107 (3)     $ 
 Fiscal year 2020 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts                                 $                  2    $                  - (1)     $                  - (1)     $                  2 
 Sales return allowance                                          $                  8    $                 18 (2)     $                 (17) (4)   $                   9 
                                                                                                                                         -         $                621 
 Deferred tax valuation allowance                                $                562    $                 59 (3) $ 

 (1) Additions represent either expense or acquired balances and deductions represent write-offs. 
 (2) Additions represent estimated product returns charged as a reduction to revenue or an acquired balance. 
 (3) Additional valuation allowance on deferred tax assets not likely to be realized. Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 
     of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 
 (4) Represents sales returns. 

                                                                                    80 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                                          EXHIBIT INDEX 
                                                                          Incorporated by Reference 
 Exhibit No.               Exhibit Description                 Schedule/Form       File Number       Exhibit        Filing Date 
     2.1     Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 10,           8-K             0-23985           2.1           3/11/2019 
             2019, by and among NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA 
             International Holdings Inc., Mellanox Technologies 
             Ltd. and Teal Barvaz Ltd. 
    2.2^     Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 13,           8-K             0-23985           2.1           9/14/2020 
             2020, by and among NVIDIA, NVIDIA Holdings, 
             Arm, SoftBank, and Vision Fund 
     3.1*    Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
     3.2     Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and               8-K             0-23985           3.1           3/9/2022 
             Restated as of March 3, 2022 
     4.1     Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 
     4.2     Specimen Stock Certificate                             S-1/A           333-47495          4.2           4/24/1998 
     4.3     Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, by and       8-K             0-23985           4.1           9/16/2016 
             between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, 
             National Association, as Trustee 
     4.4     Officers' Certificate, dated as of September 16, 2016   8-K             0-23985           4.2           9/16/2016 
     4.5     Form of 2021 Note                                       8-K             0-23985        Annex A to       9/16/2016 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
     4.6     Form of 2026 Note                                       8-K             0-23985        Annex B to       9/16/2016 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
     4.7*     Description of Securities 
     4.8     Officers' Certificate, dated as of March 31, 2020       8-K             0-23985           4.2           3/31/2020 
     4.9     Form of 2030 Note                                       8-K             0-23985       Annex A-1 to      3/31/2020 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
    4.10     Form of 2040 Note                                       8-K             0-23985       Annex B-1 to      3/31/2020 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
    4.11     Form of 2050 Note                                       8-K             0-23985       Annex C-1 to      3/31/2020 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
    4.12     Form of 2060 Note                                       8-K             0-23985       Annex D-1 to      3/31/2020 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
    4.13      Officers' Certificate, dated as of June 16, 2021       8-K             0-23985           4.2           6/16/2021 
    4.14     Form of 2023 Note                                       8-K             0-23985        Annex A to       6/16/2021 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
    4.15     Form of 2024 Note                                       8-K             0-23985        Annex B to       6/16/2021 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
    4.16     Form of 2028 Note                                       8-K             0-23985        Annex C to       6/16/2021 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
    4.17     Form of 2031 Note                                       8-K             0-23985        Annex D to       6/16/2021 
                                                                                                    Exhibit 4.2 
     10.1    Form   of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA            8-K             0-23985           10.1          3/7/2006 
             Corporation and each of its directors and officers 
    10.2+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan        10-Q             0-23985           10.1          8/20/2021 
    10.3+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock       10-Q             0-23985          10.41          5/27/2011 
             Option (Annual Grant - Board Service (2011)) 
    10.4+    2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Statutory Stock        8-K             0-23985           10.1          12/14/2011 
             Option (Initial Grant - Board Service (2011)) 

                                                                81 
<<<

Table of Contents 

    10.5+     Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-   10-Q        0-23985           10.4           5/23/2012 
              Employee Director Stock Option Grant (2012 Annual Board 
              Retainer) 
    10.6+     Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non    10-Q        0-23985           10.1           8/22/2012 
              Statutory Stock Option 
    10.7+     Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -        10-Q        0-23985           10.2          8/22/2012 
              Incentive Stock Option 
    10.8+     Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-   10-K         0-23985          10.26          3/12/2015 
              Employee Director Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant 
              Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
              (2016) 
    10.9+     Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-   10-K        0-23985           10.27          3/12/2015 
              Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and 
              Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2016) 
    10.10+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -        10-Q         0-23985          10.2           5/20/2015 
              Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock 
              Unit Agreement & Performance-Based Restricted Stock 
              Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted 
              Stock Unit Agreement (2015) 
    10.11+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -        10-Q         0-23985          10.2           5/22/2018 
              Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock 
              Unit Agreement & Performance-Based Restricted Stock 
              Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted 
              Stock Unit Agreement (2018) 
    10.12+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -        10-K         0-23985          10.19         2/21/2019 
              Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global 
              Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2019) 
    10.13+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -        8-K          0-23985          10.1           3/11/2019 
              Global Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant 
              Notice and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
              Agreement (2019) 
    10.14+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -        10-Q         0-23985          10.2           5/21/2020 
              Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global 
              Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2020) 
    10.15+    Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan -        10-Q         0-23985          10.2           5/26/2021 
              Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global 
              Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2021) 
    10.16+*   Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - 
              Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Global 
              Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022) 
    10.17+    Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase        10-Q         0-23985          10.2           8/20/2021 
              Plan 
    10.18+    Fiscal Year 2021 Variable Compensation Plan              8-K          0-23985          10.1           3/10/2020 
    10.19+    Fiscal Year 2022 Variable Compensation Plan              8-K          0-23985          10.1           3/19/2021 
    10.20+    Fiscal Year 2023 Variable Compensation Plan              8-K          0-23985          10.1           3/9/2022 
    10.21+    Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Colette      8-K          0-23985          10.1           9/16/2013 
              Kress, dated September 13, 2013 
    10.22+    Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Tim Teter,   8-K          0-23985          10.1           1/19/2017 
              dated December 16, 2016 
    10.23+    Offer Letter between NVIDIA Corporation and Donald       8-K          0-23985          10.1           6/17/2019 
              Robertson, dated May 21, 2019 
    10.24     Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2016 by and     8-K          0-23985           1.1          10/13/2016 
              among NVIDIA Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, National 
              Association, as administrative agent, and the lenders party 
              thereto 

                                                               82 
<<<

Table of Contents 

     10.25       Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between               8-K           0-23985            10.1            12/15/2017 
                 NVIDIA Corporation, as Issuer, and the Dealer party 
                 thereto 
     21.1*       List of Registrant's Subsidiaries 
     23.1*       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
     24.1*       Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 
     31.1*       Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
     31.2*       Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
     32.1#*      Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
     32.2#*      Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
    101.INS*     XBRL Instance Document 
   101.SCH*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
   101.CAL*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
   101.DEF*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
   101.LAB*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
   101.PRE*      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
      104        Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its 
                 XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

* Filed herewith. 

+ Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

# In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on 
  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 
  32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed "filed" for purpose of Section 18 of the 
  Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, 
  except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
^ Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). 

Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to: 
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
Not Applicable. 

                                                                       83 
<<<

Table of Contents 

                                                                  SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed 
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 17, 2022. 

NVIDIA Corporation 
By:     /s/ Jen-Hsun Huang 
        Jen-Hsun Huang 
        President and Chief Executive Officer 

                                                             POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun Huang and 
Colette M. Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for 
him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits 
thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-facts and 
agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection 
therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and 
agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

                                                                        84 
<<<

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature                                            Title                                                          Date 
                                                     President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG                                   (Principal Executive Officer)                                  March 17, 2022 
Jen-Hsun Huang 
                                                     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS                                 (Principal Financial Officer)                                  March 17, 2022 
Colette M. Kress 
                                                     Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
/s/ DONALD ROBERTSON                                 (Principal Accounting Officer)                                 March 17, 2022 
Donald Robertson 
/s/ ROBERT BURGESS                                   Director                                                       March 17, 2022 

Robert Burgess 
/s/ TENCH COXE                                       Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
Tench Coxe 
/s/ JOHN O. DABIRI                                   Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
John O. Dabiri 
/s/ PERSIS DRELL                                     Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
Persis Drell 
/s/ DAWN HUDSON                                      Director                                                       March 17, 2022 

Dawn Hudson 
/s/ HARVEY C. JONES                                  Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
Harvey C. Jones 
/s/ MICHAEL MCCAFFERY                                Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
Michael McCaffery 
/s/ STEPHEN C. NEAL                                  Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
Stephen C. Neal 
/s/ MARK L. PERRY                                    Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
Mark L. Perry 
/s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL                                Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
A. Brooke Seawell 
/s/ AARTI SHAH                                       Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
Aarti Shah 
/s/ MARK STEVENS                                     Director                                                       March 17, 2022 
Mark Stevens 

                                                                     85 
<<<

                                                                  RESTATED 
                                                     CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 

        NVIDIA Corporation, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, 
hereby certifies as follows: 

        1. The name of the corporation is NVIDIA Corporation. 

        2.   The corporation's original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State on February 24, 1998 under the name of 
NVIDIA Delaware Corporation. 

        3.    The Restated Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, has been duly adopted in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the Board of Directors of the corporation 
and only restates and integrates, and does not further amend, the provisions of the corporation's amended and restated certificate of incorporation 
as theretofore amended or supplemented (the "Current Certificate") and there is no discrepancy between the provisions of the Current Certificate 
and the provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

        4.   The Restated Certificate of Incorporation so adopted reads in full as set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto and hereby incorporated by 
reference. 

        In Witness Whereof, NVIDIA Corporation has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its Executive Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer and attested to by its Secretary in Santa Clara, California on this 9th day of December, 2021. 

                                                                        NVIDIA Corporation 

                                                                        /s/ Colette M. Kress 
                                                                        Executive   Vice President    and   Chief 
                                                                        Financial Officer 

Attest 

/s/ Timothy S. Teter 
Secretary 
<<<

                                                                     Exhibit A 

                                                                    RESTATED 
                                                      CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
                                                                        OF 
                                                             NVIDIA CORPORATION 

                                                                     I. 

        The name of this corporation is NVIDIA Corporation. 

                                                                     II. 

        The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware is 251 Little Falls Drive, City of Wilmington, County of New 
Castle 19808, and the name of the registered agent of the corporation in the State of Delaware at such address is Corporation Service Company. 

                                                                    III. 

        The purpose of this corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General 
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

                                                                    IV. 

        A.   This corporation is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be designated, respectively, "Common Stock" and "Preferred Stock." The 
total number of shares which the corporation is authorized to issue is Four Billion Two Million (4,002,000,000) shares. Four Billion (4,000,000,000) 
shares shall be Common Stock, each having a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($.001). Two Million (2,000,000) shares shall be Preferred Stock, 
each having a par value of one-tenth of one cent ($.001). 

        The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors is hereby authorized, by filing a 
certificate (a "Preferred Stock Designation") pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, to fix or alter from time to time the designation, 
powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of any wholly unissued series of 
Preferred Stock, and to establish from time to time the number of shares constituting any such series or any of them; and to increase or decrease 
the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issuance of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such series then 
outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series shall be decreased in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the shares constituting such 
decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series. 
                                                                    V. 

        For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and in further definition, limitation and regulation 
of the powers of the Corporation, of its directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that: 

        A.    1. The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be vested in its Board of Directors. The 
number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be fixed exclusively by one or more resolutions adopted by the Board of 
Directors. 

                2.   Subject to the other provisions of this paragraph, the Board of Directors is and shall remain divided into three classes, with the 
directors in each class serving for a term expiring at the third annual meeting of stockholders held after their election. Subject to the rights of the 
holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the terms of the members of the Board of 
Directors shall be as follows: (i) at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2012, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting or such 
directors' successors shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2013; (ii) at the annual 
meeting of stockholders to be held in 2013, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting or such directors' successors shall be elected to hold 
office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2014; and (iii) at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2014 
and at 

                                                                         1 
<<<

each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter, all directors shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of 
stockholders. The classification of the Board of Directors shall terminate at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2014 and all directors 
shall be elected in accordance with clause (iii) above. 

        Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his 
death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent 
director. 

                 3.   Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the Board of Directors or any individual director may be 
removed from office at any time (i) with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of all the then outstanding 
shares of voting stock of the Corporation, entitled to vote at an election of directors (the "Voting Stock") or (ii) without cause by the affirmative vote of 
the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Voting Stock. 

                 4.    Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from 
death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other causes and any newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of 
directors, shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such vacancies or newly created directorships shall be filled by the 
stockholders, except as otherwise provided by law, be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, even though less 
than a quorum of the Board of Directors, and not by the stockholders. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold 
office for the remainder of the full term of the director for which the vacancy was created or occurred and until such director's successor shall have 
been elected and qualified. 

                 5.   In the event that Section 2115(a) of the California Corporations Code is applicable to this corporation, then the following shall 
apply: 

                          a.   Every stockholder entitled to vote in any election of directors of this corporation may cumulate such stockholder's votes 
and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected multiplied by the number of votes to which the 
stockholder's shares are otherwise entitled, or distribute the stockholder's votes on the same principle among as many candidates as such 
stockholder thinks fit; 

                          b.   No stockholder, however, may cumulate such stockholder's votes for one or more candidates unless (i) the names of 
such candidates have been properly placed in nomination, in accordance with the Bylaws of the corporation, prior to the voting, (ii) the stockholder 
has given advance notice to the corporation of the intention to cumulative votes pursuant to the Bylaws, and (iii) the stockholder has given proper 
notice to the other stockholders at the meeting, prior to voting, of such stockholder's intention to cumulate such stockholder's votes; and 

                          c.   If any stockholder has given proper notice, all stockholders may cumulate their votes for any candidates who have 
been properly placed in nomination. The candidates receiving the highest number of votes of the shares entitled to be voted for them up to the 
number of directors to be elected by such shares shall be declared elected. 

         B.    1.   Subject to paragraph (h) of Section 43 of the Bylaws, the Bylaws may be altered or amended or new Bylaws adopted by the 
affirmative vote of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the 
Corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors (the "Voting Stock"). The Board of Directors shall also have the power to adopt, amend, or 
repeal Bylaws. 

                 2.   The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot unless the Bylaws so provide. 

                 3.   No action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders called in 
accordance with the Bylaws and following the closing of the Initial Public Offering no action shall be taken by the stockholders by written consent. 

                                                                            2 
<<<

                  4.   Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before 
any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws of the Corporation. 

                                                                         VI. 

         A.   A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach 
of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or 
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General 
Corporation Law, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the Delaware General Corporation Law 
is amended after approval by the stockholders of this Article to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of 
directors, then the liability of a director shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so 
amended. 

         B.   Any repeal or modification of this Article VI shall be prospective and shall not affect the rights under this Article VI in effect at the time of 
the alleged occurrence of any act or omission to act giving rise to liability or indemnification. 

                                                                         VII. 

         A.   The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the 
manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, except as provided in paragraph B of this Article VII, and all rights conferred upon the stockholders 
herein are granted subject to this reservation. 

         B.    Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesser 
vote or no vote, but in addition to any affirmative vote of the holders of any particular class or series of the Voting Stock required by law, this 
Certificate of Incorporation or any Preferred Stock Designation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66- 
2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required to alter, 
amend or repeal Articles V, VI and VII. 
<<<

                                                                          3 
     Exhibit 4.7 

                                          DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES 
                                   REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
                                                           EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

NVIDIA Corporation ("we," "our," "us," or the "Company") has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"): our common stock. 

                                                    DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 

General 
The following summary of the terms of our common stock is based upon our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended 
and restated bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the 
applicable provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to our Annual 
Report on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part, and are incorporated by reference herein. We encourage you to read our restated certificate 
of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL") for more 
information. 

Our authorized capital stock consists of 4,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 
par value. 

Common Stock 
The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The 
holders of common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors, and as a consequence, minority 
stockholders are not able to elect directors on the basis of their votes alone. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any shares of 
preferred stock currently outstanding or issued in the future, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be 
declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our 
common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then outstanding 
preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There are 
no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter Documents 
Certificate of Incorporation 
Stockholders have no cumulative voting rights. 

Our certificate of incorporation also requires that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly called 
annual or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by a consent in writing and that the stockholders may amend our bylaws or 
adopt new bylaws only by the affirmative vote of 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting securities. A special meeting of the stockholders may be called 
by our Chairman, our Chief Executive Officer or a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors. These provisions may 
have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control. 

The lack of cumulative voting could make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to 
obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these 
provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. 
<<<

These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management. These provisions are 
intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies of our board of directors and 
to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change in control. These provisions are designed to reduce our 
vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The provisions also are intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy rights. 
However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, such 
provisions also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisions 
also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. 

Section 203 of the DGCL 
We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business 
combination" with any "interested stockholder" for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an "interested 
stockholder," unless: 

    ·   prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the 
        stockholder becoming an interested holder; 

        upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder 
        owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of 
        determining the number of shares outstanding those shares owned (a) by persons who are directors and also officers and (b) by employee 
        stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be 
        tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

        at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special 
        meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not 
        owned by the interested stockholder. 

In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines "business combination" to include the following: 

    ·   any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

    ·   any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

        subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the 
        interested stockholder; 

    .   any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the 
        corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

    ·   the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or 
        through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines "interested stockholder" as an entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding 
voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. 
<<<

Certain Transactions 
Our bylaws provide that we indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and any other applicable law. 
We are also empowered under our bylaws to indemnify other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable 
law and to enter into indemnification contracts with our directors and executive officers and to purchase insurance on behalf of any person whom we 
are required or permitted to indemnify. 

In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that the liability of our directors for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the fullest extent 
permissible under Delaware law. Pursuant to Delaware law, our directors shall not be liable for monetary damages for breach of the directors' 
fiduciary duty of care to us and our stockholders. However, this provision does not eliminate the duty of care, and in appropriate circumstances, 
equitable remedies such as injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief that will remain available under Delaware law. In addition, each director 
will continue to be subject to liability for (1) breach of the director's duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, (2) acts or omissions not in good faith or 
which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) violating Section 174 of the DGCL, or (4) any transaction from which the 
director derived an improper personal benefit. The provision also does not affect a director's responsibilities under any other law, such as the federal 
securities laws or state or federal environmental laws. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 
Computershare is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. Computershare's address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts 
02021. 

Listing 
Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "NVDA". 
<<<

                                                         NVIDIA Corporation 
                                         Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice 
                                   Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 

NVIDIA Corporation (the "Company"), pursuant to its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), hereby awards to Participant a 
Restricted Stock Unit Award for the number of restricted stock units (the "Restricted Stock Units") set forth below (the "Award"). The Award is 
subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice, in the attached Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, including any 
additional terms and conditions for Participant's country set forth in any appendix thereto (the "Appendix"), and in the Plan, the latter two being 
incorporated by reference herein. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Grant Notice or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
(including the Appendix) (collectively, the "Agreement") will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the terms 
in this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. 
Participant: 
Date of Grant: 
Vesting Commencement Date: 
Number of Restricted Stock Units/Shares Subject to Award: 
Vesting Schedule:      This Award will vest as to              subject to Participant's Continuous Service through such vesting date(s). However, 
                        this Award will become fully vested prior to such date(s) on the date of Participant's "separation from service" (as defined 
                        under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definitions therein, a "Separation from 
                        Service") by reason of death. If the Award is not vested as of Participant's termination of Continuous Service for any other 
                        reason, it will immediately expire. Each installment of Restricted Stock Units that vests hereunder is a "separate payment" 
                        for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
Issuance Schedule:      Except as provided in Section 6 of the Agreement, the Company will issue and deliver one (1) share of Common Stock for 
                        each Restricted Stock Unit that has vested under this Award on the date of vesting, but in all cases within the period 
                        necessary for compliance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). 
Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, all of the terms and conditions set 
forth in the Agreement and the Plan. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as 
provided in the Plan or the Agreement. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, the Agreement sets forth the entire 
understanding between Participant and the Company regarding this Award, and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements on that subject 
with the exception, if applicable, of: (i) the current written employment agreement entered into between the Service Recipient (as defined in Section 
9 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement) and Participant expressly specifying the terms that should govern this Award; (ii) the Company's 
insider trading policy; and (iii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or one of its Affiliates or is otherwise required by 
applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Participant acknowledges that any change in control plan that may have been maintained by 
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. ("Mellanox") or any of its subsidiaries and/or any change in control agreement Participant may have entered into with 
Mellanox or any of its subsidiaries (including as part of any employment agreement with Mellanox or any of its subsidiaries) will not be applicable to 
this Award nor to any other awards granted by the Company. By accepting this Award, Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic 
delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party 
designated by the Company. 

NVIDIA CORPORATION                                                                      PARTICIPANT 
By:                                                                                     By: 
               Signature                                                                               Signature 
Title:                                                                                  Title: 
Date:                                                                                   Date: 
<<<

                                                     Attachment I 
                                                 NVIDIA Corporation 
                              Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 
                                    Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

       Pursuant to the Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice ("Grant Notice") and this Global Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement (including any additional terms and conditions for your country set forth in the appendix attached hereto (the 
"Appendix")) (collectively, the "Agreement"), NVIDIA Corporation (the "Company") has awarded you a Restricted 
Stock Unit Award (the "Award") under its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). This Award is 
granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the "Date of Grant"). Capitalized terms not 
explicitly defined in this Agreement will have the same meanings given to them in the Plan. 
       1.   Grant of the Award. The Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one share of Common 
Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests under this Award, subject to the terms and conditions provided in this 
Agreement and in the Plan. As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by 
the Company for your benefit (the "Account") the number of Restricted Stock Units subject to the Award. Except as 
otherwise provided in this Agreement, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company with respect to 
your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the delivery of the underlying Common Stock. 
       2. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance 
with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice, including any special acceleration provisions, as applicable, 
contained in the Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service, except if termination 
is by reason of death, in which case vesting will accelerate as described in the Grant Notice (and subject to any other 
acceleration provided for in the Grant Notice or the Plan). On the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason 
other than death), the Restricted Stock Units credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such 
termination (and are not accelerated pursuant to any acceleration provided for in the Grant Notice or the Plan) will be 
forfeited and returned to the Company at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in or 
to such Restricted Stock Units or the underlying shares of Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, Continuous 
Service during only a period prior to a vesting date (but where Continuous Service has terminated prior to the vesting 
date) does not entitle you to vest in a pro-rata portion of the Restricted Stock Units on such date. 
       3. Number of Restricted Stock Units and Shares of Common Stock. 

              (a)   The number of Restricted Stock Units (and the related shares of Common Stock) subject to your 
Award will be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. 

              (b)   Any Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that become subject to the Award as a 
result of a Capitalization Adjustment, if any, will be subject to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on 
transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other shares covered by your Award. 

                                                             1. 
<<<

              (c) No fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock will be created by this Section 3. 
The Board will round down, to the nearest whole share or whole unit of rights, any fractional shares or rights for 
fractional shares. 

       4. Compliance with Law. You will not be issued any shares under your Award unless either (a) the shares are 
registered under the Securities Act; or (b) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations 
governing the Award, including any U.S. and non-U.S. state, federal and local laws, and you will not receive such shares 
if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 

       5.    Limitations on Transfer. Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and 
distribution. In addition to any other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities or other laws, you agree not to 
assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in any of the shares of Common Stock 
subject to the Award until the shares are issued to you. After the shares have been issued to you, you are free to assign, 
hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares provided that any such actions are 
in compliance with the provisions in this Agreement and applicable securities or other laws. If permitted by the Board 
and valid under applicable law, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the 
Company, designate a third party who, in the event of your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of 
Common Stock to which you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement. 

       6. Date of Issuance. 

              (a)   The issuance of shares of Common Stock in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to 
comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner to 
the extent applicable. 

              (b)   Subject to the satisfaction of any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 
10 of this Agreement), in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company will issue to you, on the 
applicable vesting date, one share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests and such issuance date is 
referred to as the "Original Issuance Date." If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, 
delivery will instead occur on the next following business day. 

              (c)    However, if (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an "open window period" 
applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company's then-effective policy on trading in 
Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an 
established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established Company- 
approved 10b5-1 trading plan), and (ii) the Company elects, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (1) not to satisfy any 
withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 10 below) by withholding shares of Common Stock 
from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, (2) not to permit you to enter 
into a "same day sale" commitment with a broker-dealer pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to a 
commitment under a previously established Company-approved 10b5-1 trading plan) and (3) not to permit you to cover 
any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in 

                                                            2. 
<<<

Section 10 below) in cash, then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not 
be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not 
prohibited from selling shares of the Company's Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than 
December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year 
in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the year 
following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a "substantial risk of 
forfeiture" within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). The form of such delivery of the shares 
(e.g., a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
       7. Dividends. You will receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award and any unissued shares thereunder with 
respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment. 
Following the date of vesting, in the event of any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result 
from a Capitalization Adjustment, no cash, stock or other property related to such dividend or distribution will be issuable 
in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units. 

       8.    Restrictive Legends. The shares of Common Stock issued under your Award will be endorsed with 
appropriate legends if determined by the Company that legends are required under applicable law or otherwise. 
       9. Award not a Service Contract. 

              (a) Your Continuous Service with the Company or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you or for which 
you otherwise render services (the "Service Recipient") is not for any specified term and, if permitted under applicable 
law, may be terminated by you or by the Service Recipient at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with or 
without notice. Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award pursuant to the 
schedule set forth in the Grant Notice or the issuance of the shares subject to your Award), the Plan or any covenant of 
good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan will: (i) confer upon you any right to 
continue in the employ of, or continue an affiliation or other service relationship with the Service Recipient; (ii) constitute 
any promise or commitment by the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of 
future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or 
affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically 
accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Service Recipient of the right to terminate you at 
any time and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. The grant of the Award shall not be 
interpreted as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Service Recipient. 

              (b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award is 
earned only through Continuous Service (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other 
award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of 
its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a "reorganization"). You further 
acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service, or the 

                                                             3. 
<<<

termination of Affiliate status of the Service Recipient and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, 
including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and 
agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth in this 
Agreement or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an 
express or implied promise of continued engagement as an Employee or Consultant for the term of this Agreement, for 
any period, or at all, and will not interfere in any way with your right or the right of the Service Recipient to terminate your 
Continuous Service at any time, with or without cause and, if permitted under applicable law, with or without notice, and 
will not interfere in any way with the Company's right to conduct a reorganization. 

       10.   Responsibility for Taxes. 

              (a)   You acknowledge that, regardless of any action the Company or the Service Recipient takes with 
respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax related 
items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the Service 
Recipient, in its discretion, to be an appropriate charge to you even if legally applicable to the Company or the Service 
Recipient ("Tax-Related Items"), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and 
may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient, if any. You further acknowledge that 
the Company and/or the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any 
Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of your Restricted Stock Units or the underlying shares of Common 
Stock, including, but not limited to, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting and settlement of the Restricted 
Stock Units, the delivery or sale of any shares of Common Stock and the issuance of any dividends, and (ii) do not 
commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of your Award to reduce or 
eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. You acknowledge and agree that you 
will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates (including the 
Service Recipient) for Tax-Related Items arising from your Award. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in 
more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Service Recipient may be required to 
withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 

              (b)   In connection with the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make 
adequate arrangements satisfactorily to the Company, and/or the Service Recipient to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In 
this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Service Recipient, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to 
satisfy their withholding obligations or rights, if any, with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the 
following: (i) withholding from your wages or any other cash compensation otherwise payable to you; (ii) causing you to 
tender a cash payment or requiring you to make a payment in another form acceptable to the Company; (iii) permitting 
or requiring you to enter into a "same day sale" commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial 
Industry Regulatory Authority (a "FINRA Dealer") (if required, pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) 
whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares to be delivered upon settlement of your Restricted Stock 
Units to satisfy the Tax-Related Items and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds 
necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items directly to the Company and/or the Service 
Recipient, including a commitment pursuant to a previously established Company-approved 10b5-1                     plan; (iv) 
withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of 

                                                             4. 
<<<

Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you upon settlement of the Award with a value equal to the amount of 
such withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items or such other amount as may be permitted while still avoiding 
classification of the Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes; provided, however that if you are an Officer, 
then the Company will withhold a number of shares of Common Stock upon the relevant taxable or tax withholding 
event, as applicable, unless the use of such withholding method is not feasible under applicable law or has materially 
adverse accounting consequences, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, in which case, any withholding 
obligation for Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (i)-(iii) above; and/or (v) any other 
method of withholding determined by the Company, provided such method is compliant with applicable law and the 
Plan. 

             (c)    The Company and/or the Service Recipient may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by 
considering statutory or other withholding rates, including maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s). In the event 
of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash from the Company or the Service 
Recipient (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or if not refunded, you may seek a refund from the local 
tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay any Tax-Related Items directly to the 
applicable tax authority or to the Company and/or the Service Recipient. Maximum tax rates are based on the applicable 
rates in your country, including your share of payroll or similar taxes, as provided in tax law, regulations, or the tax 
authority's administrative practices, not to exceed the highest rate in that jurisdiction, even if that rate exceeds the 
highest rate that may be applicable to you. If any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding 
a number of shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you will be deemed to have been issued the full number of 
shares of Common Stock subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of 
Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 

             (d)    Unless any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied, the Company will have no 
obligation to deliver to you any shares of Common Stock or other consideration pursuant to this Award. 

             (e)   In the event any obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of shares of Common Stock 
or it is determined after the delivery of shares of Common Stock to you that the amount of the withholding obligation was 
greater than the amount withheld, if anything, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company and/or the Service 
Recipient harmless from any failure by the Company and/or the Service Recipient to withhold the proper amount. 

       11. Nature of Grant. In accepting your Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree that: 

             (a)     the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be 
modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 

             (b)   the Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right 
to receive future Awards (whether on the same or different terms), or benefits in lieu of an Award, even if an Award has 
been granted in the past; 

                                                           5. 
<<<

             (c) all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 
             (d)    the Award is granted as an incentive for future services and in no event should be considered as 
compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate; 

             (e) you are voluntarily participating in the Plan; 
             (f) the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of 
same, are an extraordinary item which, if the Service Recipient is not the Company, does not constitute compensation of 
any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Service Recipient, and is outside the scope of your employment or 
other service contract, if any; 

             (g)   the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of 
same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 
             (h)   the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of 
same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, without limitation, calculating any severance, 
resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday 
allowance, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments under any employee benefit plan sponsored by 
the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides (and the Company expressly reserves 
its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company's or any Affiliate's employee benefit plans); 
             (i) the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot 
be predicted with certainty; 
             (j) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting 
from the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason except for your death and whether or not later found to 
be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or rendering services or the terms 
of your employment agreement, if any); 
             (k) [X] unless otherwise provided herein, in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Award and the 
benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Award or any such benefits transferred 
to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any 
corporate transaction affecting the shares of Common Stock; 
             (I)   unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Award and the shares of Common Stock 
subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection 
with, the service you may provide as a director of an Affiliate; and 

             (m)   if you are in Continuous Service outside the United States: 
                       i. the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and 
value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose; and 

                                                          6. 
<<<

                       ii.   neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any 
foreign exchange rate fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of 
the Award or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the vesting of the Award or the subsequent sale of any shares of 
Common Stock acquired upon settlement. 

       12.   No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the 
Company making any recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the 
underlying shares of Common Stock. You should consult with your own personal tax, financial and/or legal advisors 
regarding your participation in the Plan, and by accepting this Award, you have agreed that you have done so or 
knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. 

       13.   Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of an Award, you will be considered an 
unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company's obligation, if any, to issue shares pursuant to this 
Agreement upon vesting of the Award. You will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with 
respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you. Upon such issuance, 
you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no 
action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship 
between you and the Company or any other person. 
       14.    Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the 
information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In 
addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company's policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during 
certain "window" periods and the Company's insider trading policy, in effect from time to time and understand that this 
policy applies to shares received under this Award. 
       15. Notices; Electronic Delivery/Acceptance. Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan will be given 
in writing and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, 
five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided 
to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any 
documents and transmit or require you to transmit notices related to participation in the Plan and this Award by 
electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents and notices, and to give such notices, by electronic 
delivery and to participate in the Plan through the on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the 
Company or a third party designated by the Company from time to time. 
       16.    Governing Plan Document/Recoupment. Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the 
provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, 
rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In addition, this 
Award (and any shares issued under this Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted 
by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. 

       17.   Language. You acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in the English language, or have consulted 
with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in 

                                                            7. 
<<<

English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Further, if you have received this 
Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning 
of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
       18.    Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws. You may be subject to insider trading restrictions 
and/or market abuse laws based on the exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are listed and in applicable 
jurisdictions, including the United States and your country or your broker's country, if different, which may affect your 
ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock (e.g., 
Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock during such times as you are considered 
to have "inside information" regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider 
trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed 
inside information. Furthermore, you could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, 
which may include fellow employees and (ii) "tipping" third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. 
Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be 
imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to 
comply with any applicable restrictions and you should speak with your personal legal advisor on this matter. 
       19. Foreign Assets/Account and Tax Reporting, Exchange Controls. Your country may have certain foreign 
asset, account and/or tax reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect your ability to acquire or hold 
shares of Common Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends 
received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside 
your country. You understand that you may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or 
other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a 
result of participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after 
receipt. In addition, you may be subject to tax payment and/or reporting obligations in connection with any income 
realized under the Plan and/or from the sale of shares of Common Stock. You acknowledge that you are responsible for 
complying with all such requirements, and that you should consult personal legal and tax advisors, as applicable, to 
ensure compliance. 

       20. Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, your Award shall be subject to the additional 
terms and conditions for your country set forth in the Appendix attached hereto as Attachment II. Moreover, if you 
relocate to one of the countries included therein, the terms and conditions for such country will apply to you to the extent 
the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or 
administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 

       21. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your 
participation in the Plan, on the Award and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the 
Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. 
       22.   Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental 
authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or 

                                                           8. 
<<<

invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section 
of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a 
manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while 
remaining lawful and valid. 
       23.    Governing Law/Venue. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement will be 
governed by the law of the state of Delaware without regard to such state's conflicts of laws rules. For purposes of 
litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or the 
Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree 
that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the 
United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be 
performed. 
       24. Miscellaneous. 

              (a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award will be transferable to any one or more 
persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the 
Company's successors and assigns. Your rights and obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the prior 
written consent of the Company. 

              (b)   You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in 
the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 

              (c)    You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an 
opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award, and fully understand all 
provisions of your Award. 

              (d) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to 
the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, 
consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 

       25.   Amendment. Subject to Section 21 above, this Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated 
except by an instrument in writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically 
states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that 
no such amendment adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without 
limiting the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement 
in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in 
applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change 
will be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as provided in 
this Agreement. 

       26.   Compliance with Section 409A of the Code.            This Award is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and thus to not be treated as "deferred compensation", and will be construed and 
administered in 

                                                            9. 
<<<

such a manner, and any ambiguous or missing terms that may otherwise be supplied from and/or defined under Code 
Section 409A in a manner that fulfills such intention hereby incorporated by reference. Each installment of Restricted 
Stock Units that vests hereunder is intended to constitute a "separate payment" for purposes of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements 
of the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and determined to be deferred compensation subject to 
Code Section 409A, this Award shall comply with Code Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal 
tax consequences and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. If it is determined that the Award is 
deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A and you are a "specified employee" (as determined under Code 
Section 409A) on your Separation from Service, then the issuance of any shares, cash or other property that would 
otherwise be made on the date of your Separation from Service (or within the first six months thereafter as a result of 
your Separation from Service) will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump 
sum on the date that is six months and one day after the date of the Separation from Service, but if and only if such 
delay in the issuance is necessary to avoid the imposition of taxation on you in respect of the shares, cash or property 
under Code Section 409A. 

                                                          10. 
<<<

                                                   Attachment II 
                                                    Appendix to 
                                               NVIDIA Corporation 
                               Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 

                   Additional Terms and Conditions For Non-U.S. Participants 

Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan, in the Global Restricted 
Stock Unit Grant Notice and/or in the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 

Terms and Conditions 

This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units granted to you under the 
Plan if you reside and/or work in one of the countries listed below. If you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as 
such for local law purposes) of a country other than the country in which you are currently residing and/or working, or if 
you relocate to another country after the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company shall, in its discretion, 
determine to what extent the additional terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you. 
Notifications 

This Appendix may also include information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should 
be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and 
other laws in effect in the respective countries as of January 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. 
As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source 
of information relating to the consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date 
at the time the Restricted Stock Units vest, shares of Common Stock are issued upon vesting, dividends are paid on 
shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, or you sell shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan. 
In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the 
Company is not in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate 
professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation. 

Finally, if you are a citizen or resident (or are considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the 
country in which you are currently residing and/or working, or if you relocate to another country after the grant of the 
Restricted Stock Units, the notifications contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner. 

                                                          11. 
<<<

DATA PRIVACY PROVISIONS FOR ALL NON-U.S. PARTICIPANTS 

Terms and Conditions 

Data Privacy Consent For Participants Working and/or Residing Outside the European Union/European 
Economic Area/Switzerland/United Kingdom. 

             (a) Data Collection and Usage. The Company and the Service Recipient collect, process and use 
certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone 
number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number, salary, 
nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted 
Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, 
exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor ("Data"), for the purposes of implementing, 
administering and managing the Plan. The legal basis, where required, for the processing of Data is your 
consent. 

             (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Providers. The Company transfers Data to Charles Schwab 
& Co., Inc. (including certain of its affiliated companies) (collectively, "Schwab"), which is assisting the 
Company with the implementation, administration and management of your participation in the Plan. The 
Company may select different or additional service providers in the future and share Data with such other 
provider(s) serving in a similar manner. You may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing 
practices with Schwab, with such agreement being a condition to the ability to participate in the Plan. 
             (c) International Data Transfers. The Company and Schwab are based in the United States. Your 
country or jurisdiction may have different data privacy laws and protections than the United States. The 
Company's legal basis, where required, for the transfer of Data is your consent. 
             (d)    Data Retention. The Company will hold and use Data only as long as is necessary to 
implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or 
regulatory obligations, including under tax, exchange control, labor and securities laws. This period may extend 
beyond your period of Continuous Service. When the Company or the Service Recipient no longer need Data for 
any of the above purposes, they will cease processing it in this context and remove it from all of their systems 
used for such purposes, to the fullest extent possible. 
             (e) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal. Participation in the Plan is 
voluntary, and you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if 
you later seek to revoke your consent, your salary or other cash compensation from your employment or other 
service with the Service Recipient will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing 
consent is that the Company would not be able to grant the Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards to 
you or administer or maintain such awards. 

             (f)   Data Subject Rights. You may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in your 
jurisdiction. Depending on where you are based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access or 
copies of Data the Company processes, (ii) rectification of incorrect Data, (iii) deletion of Data, (iv) restrictions 

                                                        12. 
<<<

on processing of Data, (v) portability of Data, (vi) lodge complaints with competent authorities in your 
jurisdiction, and/or (vii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data. To 
receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, you can contact your local HR 
representative. 

            (g)    Additional Acknowledgment/Consent. You understand that the Company may rely on a 
different basis for the processing or transfer of Data in the future and/or request that you provide another data 
privacy consent. If applicable, you agree that upon request of the Company or the Service Recipient, you will 
provide an executed acknowledgement or data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents) 
that the Company and/or the Service Recipient may deem necessary to obtain from you for the purpose of 
administering your participation in the Plan in compliance with the data privacy laws in your country, either now 
or in the future. You understand and agree that you will not be able to participate in the Plan if you fail to 
provide any such consent or agreement requested by the Company and/or the Service Recipient. 
Data Privacy Notification For Participants Working and/or Residing In the European Union ("EU")/European 
Economic Area ("EEA")/Switzerland/United Kingdom. 

The Company collects, processes, uses and transfers certain personally-identifiable information about you for 
the exclusive legitimate purpose of granting Restricted Stock Units and implementing, administering and 
managing your participation in the Plan. Specifics of the data processing are described below. 

         (a) Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing. The Company processes the Personal Data (as defined 
below) for the purpose of performing its contractual obligations under this Agreement, granting Restricted 
Stock Units, implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan and facilitating 
compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. The legal basis for the processing 
of the Personal Data (as defined below) by the Company and the third-party service providers described below 
is the necessity of the data processing for the Company to perform its contractual obligations under this 
Agreement and for the Company's legitimate business interests of managing the Plan and generally 
administering employee equity awards. 

         (b)   Personal Data Subject to Processing. The Company collects, processes and uses the following 
types of personal data about you: your name, home address, email address, date of birth, social insurance, 
passport number or other identification number, any shares of Common Stock or directorships held in the 
Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, 
canceled, settled, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor, which the Company receives from you or the 
Service Recipient ("Personal Data"). 

         (c)   Stock Plan Administration Service Providers. The Company transfers Personal Data to Charles 
Schwab & Co., Inc. and certain of its affiliated companies ("Schwab"), an independent stock plan administrator 
with operations, relevant to the Company, in the United States, which assists the Company with the 
implementation, administration and management of the Plan. In the future, the Company may select different 
service providers and may share Personal Data 

                                                      13. 
<<<

with such service providers. Schwab will open an account for you to receive and trade shares of Common 
Stock. You will be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with Schwab, which is a 
condition of your ability to participate in the Plan. Your Personal Data will only be accessible by those 
individuals requiring access to it for purposes of implementing, administering and operating your participation 
in the Plan. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential 
recipients of Personal Data by contacting your local human resources manager. 

         (d)   Other Recipients. The Company may further transfer Personal Data to other third party service 
providers, if necessary to ensure compliance with applicable tax, exchange control, securities and labor law. 
Such third party service providers may include the Company's outside legal counsel as well as the Company's 
auditor. Wherever possible, the Company will anonymize data, but you understand that your Personal Data may 
need to be transferred to such providers to ensure compliance with applicable law and/or tax requirements. 

         (e)     International Data Transfers. The Company and its service providers, including, without 
limitation, Schwab, operate, relevant to the Company, in the United States, which means that it will be 
necessary for Personal Data to be transferred to, and processed in, the United States. You understand and 
acknowledge that the United States is not subject to an unlimited adequacy finding by the European 
Commission and that your Personal Data may not have an equivalent level of protection as compared to your 
country of residence. 

         When the Company transfers your Personal Data, it will ensure that this transfer complies with 
applicable laws and legislation. The Company has Model Clauses in place for the collection, use, and retention 
of Personal Data transferred from the EU, EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom to other countries, and 
also complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S Privacy Shield Framework. The 
Company is certified to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks and the commitments they 
entail, although the Company does not rely on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as a legal basis for 
transfers of Personal Data in light of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the EU in Case C-311/18. 

         The Company complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield 
Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of 
Personal Data transferred from the EU, EEA, Switzerland and the United Kingdom to the United States. The 
Company has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If third- 
party agents process Personal Data on the Company's behalf in a manner inconsistent with the Principles of 
either Privacy Shield Framework or the Model Clauses, the Company remains liable unless it proves it is not 
responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. 
      If there is any conflict between the terms in this Agreement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy 
Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view the Company's 
certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov. 

         (f) Data Retention. The Company will use the Personal Data only as long as necessary to implement, 
administer and manage your participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory 
obligations, including tax, 

                                                      14. 
<<<

exchange control, labor and securities laws. This period may extend beyond your period of Continuous Service. 
When the Company or the Service Recipient no longer need Data for any of the above purposes, they will cease 
processing it in this context and remove it from all of their systems used for such purposes, to the fullest extent 
possible. 

         (g) Data Subject Rights. To the extent provided by law, you have the right to: 
                 i. Request access to and obtain a copy of your Personal Data; 

                 ii. Request rectification (or correction) of Personal Data that is inaccurate; 
                 iii. Request erasure (or deletion) of Personal Data that is no longer necessary to fulfill the 
                  purposes for which it was collected, or does not need to be retained by the Company for 
                  other legitimate purposes; 

                 iv. Restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Data; and 

                 v. If applicable, request your Personal Data be ported (transferred) to another company. 

      Subject to the applicable data protection laws, application of the above rights may vary depending on the 
type of data involved, and the Company's particular basis for processing the Personal Data. 
      To make a request to exercise one of the above rights, you can contact your local HR representative. The 
Company will consider and act upon any requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws. The 
Company may request specific information from you to enable it to confirm your identity and right to access, as 
well as to search for and provide you with the Personal Data that it holds about you. 

         (h) Contractual Requirement. Your provision of Personal Data and its processing as described above 
 is a contractual requirement and a condition to your ability to participate in the Plan. You understand that, as a 
 consequence of you refusing to provide Personal Data, the Company may not be able to allow you to 
 participate in the Plan, grant Restricted Stock Units to you or administer or maintain such Restricted Stock 
 Units. However, your participation in the Plan is purely voluntary. While you will not receive Restricted Stock 
 Units if you decide against participating in the Plan or providing Personal Data as described above, your 
 employment or other service and your salary or other cash compensation will not be affected in any way. For 
 more information on the consequences of the refusal to provide Personal Data, you may contact your local HR 
representative. 

         (i) How to Contact Us. For copies of additional privacy documents mentioned in this Agreement, or if 
you have privacy concerns or questions related to this Agreement, you may contact your local HR 
representative. 

                                                      15. 
<<<

                                                        AUSTRALIA 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. This offer of Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with the provisions of the 
Corporations Act 2001, Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") Regulatory Guide 49 and ASIC 
Class Order 14/1000. Additional details are set forth in the Offer Document for the Offer of Restricted Stock Units to 
Australian-Resident Participants, which is being provided to you along with this Agreement. 

Exchange Control Information. Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding AUD 10,000 and 
international fund transfers. The Australian bank assisting with the transaction will file the report. If there is no Australian 
bank involved in the transfer, you will be required to file the report. 

Tax Information. The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) (the 
"Act") applies, subject to the conditions in the Act. 
                                                         BELGIUM 

Notifications 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. Belgian residents are required to report any security (e.g., shares of 
Common Stock acquired under the Plan) or bank account established outside of Belgium on their annual tax return. In a 
separate report, Belgian residents are also required to provide the National Bank of Belgium with certain details 
regarding such foreign accounts (including the account number, bank name and country in which any such account was 
opened). The forms to complete this report are available on the website of the National Bank of Belgium. Belgian 
residents should consult with their personal tax advisors to determine their personal reporting obligations. 

Stock Exchange Tax. A Belgian stock exchange tax may be payable when shares of Common Stock are acquired under 
the Plan. If applicable, you personally will be responsible for filing the stock exchange tax return and paying the stock 
exchange tax due by the end of the second (2nd) month following the month you acquire the shares of Common Stock. 
You should consult with your personal tax advisor regarding the application of this tax. 

                                                          BRAZIL 

Terms and Conditions 

Nature of Grant. This provision supplements Section 11 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement: 

You acknowledge and agree that (i) by accepting this Award, you are making an investment decision, and (ii) the value 
of the underlying shares of Common Stock is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period, without 
compensation to you. 

                                                             16. 
<<<

Further, you acknowledge and agree that, for all legal purposes, (i) any benefits provided to you under the Plan are 
unrelated to your employment or service; (ii) the Plan is not a part of the terms and conditions of your employment or 
service; and (iii) the income from your participation in the Plan, if any, is not part of your remuneration from employment 
or service. 

Compliance with Law. By accepting this Award, you agree to comply with all applicable Brazilian laws and pay any and 
all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the vesting or settlement of the Award, the sale of shares of Common 
Stock acquired under the Plan and the receipt of any dividends paid on such shares of Common Stock. 
Notifications 

Exchange Control Reporting. Brazilian residents and persons domiciled in Brazil are required to submit an annual 
declaration of assets and rights held outside of Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil if the aggregate value of such assets 
and rights is equal to or greater than US$1,000,000. Quarterly reporting is required if such value exceeds 
US$100,000,000. The assets and rights that must be reported include shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan 
and may include Restricted Stock Units. The thresholds are subject to change annually. 
Tax on Financial Transaction (IOF). Repatriation of funds into Brazil and the conversion between Brazilian Real and 
United States Dollars associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is your 
responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from your participation in the Plan. 
You should consult with your personal tax advisor for additional details. 
                                                        CANADA 

Terms and Conditions 

Form of Settlement. Restricted Stock Units granted to individuals resident in Canada shall be paid in shares of Common 
Stock only. In no event shall any Restricted Stock Units be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretion contained in the 
Plan to the contrary. 

The following provisions apply if you are a resident of Quebec: 

Language Consent. The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that this Agreement, as well as all documents, 
notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be 
drawn up in English. 

Les parties reconnaissent avoir exigé la rédaction en anglais de cette convention ("Agreement"), ainsi que de tous 
documents exécutés, avis donnés et procédures judiciaires intentées, directement ou indirectement, relativement à la 
présente convention. 

Data Privacy. This provision supplements the Data Privacy Consent For Participants Working and/or Residing Outside 
the European Union/European Economic Area/Switzerland/United Kingdom provision of this Appendix: 
You hereby authorize the Company and the Company's representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant 
information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the 

                                                           17. 
<<<

administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize the Company, the Service Recipient and/or any other 
Affiliate to disclose and discuss such information with their advisors. You also authorize the Company, the Service 
Recipient and/or any other Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in your employee file. 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. You are permitted to sell shares of Common Stock acquired through the Plan through the 
designated broker appointed by the Company provided the resale of such shares takes place outside of Canada and 
through the facilities of a stock exchange, which should be the case because the Common Stock is currently listed on 
the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. Specified Foreign property, including Restricted Stock Units, shares of 
Common Stock acquired under the Plan and other rights to receive shares (e.g., options) of a non-Canadian company, 
held by a Canadian resident must generally be reported annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification 
Statement) if the total cost of the specified foreign property exceeds C$100,000 at any time during the year. Restricted 
Stock Units must be reported - generally at a nil cost - if the C$100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because other 
specified foreign property is held by you. When shares of Common Stock are acquired, their cost generally is the 
adjusted cost base ("ACB") of the shares. The ACB would ordinarily equal the fair market value of the shares at the time 
of acquisition, but if you own other shares of the same company, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the 
other shares. You should consult with your personal tax advisor to determine your reporting requirements. 

                                                        CHINA 

Terms and Conditions 

The following provisions apply to you if you are subject to exchange control regulations in the People's Republic of 
China ("China"), including the requirements imposed by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ("SAFE"), as 
determined by the Company in its sole discretion: 

Settlement of Award and Sale of Shares. This provision supplements Section 6 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement: 

You will not be permitted to vest in any shares of Common Stock unless and until the necessary approvals for the Plan 
have been obtained from SAFE and remain in place, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. Further, the 
Company is under no obligation to issue shares of Common Stock if the Company has not or does not obtain SAFE 
approval or if any such SAFE approval subsequently becomes invalid or ceases to be in effect by the time you vest in 
the Restricted Stock Units. 

To facilitate compliance with regulatory requirements in China, you understand and agree that any shares of Common 
Stock you acquire upon vesting of your Restricted Stock Units may be immediately sold at vesting or, at the Company's 
discretion, at a later time. You agree that the Company is authorized to instruct its designated broker to assist with the 
sale of such shares of Common Stock (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) and 
you expressly authorize the designated broker to complete the sale of such shares. You acknowledge that the 
designated 

                                                          18. 
<<<

broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares of Common Stock at any particular price. Upon the 
sale of the shares of Common Stock, the Company agrees to pay the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokerage 
fees or commissions, to you in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations and provided any 
withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items resulting from your participation in the Plan has been satisfied. 

If the Company, in its discretion, does not exercise its right to require the sale of shares of Common Stock upon vesting, 
as described in the preceding paragraph, and your Continuous Service terminates, you understand and agree to sell any 
shares acquired pursuant to your Award within 90 days after your termination date, or within such other period as 
determined by the Company and in compliance with applicable law. You further agree that if you do not sell these 
shares within 90 days after your termination date (or such other period as determined by the Company and in 
compliance with applicable law), the Company is authorized to instruct its designated broker to assist with the 
mandatory sale of such shares (on your behalf pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) and you 
expressly authorize the Company's designated broker to complete the sale of such shares. You acknowledge that the 
Company's designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of the shares at any particular price. Upon 
the sale of the shares, the Company agrees to pay you the cash proceeds from the sale of the shares, less any 
brokerage fees or commissions and subject to satisfaction of any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items. 

Any payment of proceeds related to your Award and/or the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award will have to 
be effectuated through a special exchange control account established by the Company or an Affiliate in China. If the 
funds are converted into local currency, neither the Company nor any Affiliate will bear the exchange rate risk and does 
not undertake to convert the funds at any particular time or at any particular rate. 

Restriction on Transfer of Shares. As a condition of vesting of the Award, you acknowledge and agree that any shares of 
Common Stock that you may acquire under the Plan must be held in the account established for you under the Plan until 
such time as you decide or are required to sell the shares. The shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan may 
not be transferred, assigned or pledged (other than pursuant to a sale of such shares effected through the Plan's 
designated broker) to any other person, broker or other entity at any time. 

Exchange Control Requirements. You understand and agree that you will not be permitted to transfer any shares of 
Common Stock acquired under the Plan out of the account established for you with the Company's designated broker 
and that you will be required to immediately repatriate to China any cash proceeds from the sale of the shares of 
Common Stock acquired under the Plan or from dividends paid on such shares. You further understand that such 
repatriation of cash proceeds will need to be effectuated through a special exchange control account established by the 
Company or an Affiliate in China, and you hereby consent and agree that any proceeds from the sale of shares of 
Common Stock or dividends paid on such shares may be transferred to such special account prior to being delivered to 
you. 

The proceeds may be paid to you in U.S. dollars or local currency at the Company's discretion. In the event the 
proceeds are paid in U.S. dollars, you understand that you will be required to set up a U.S. dollar bank account in China 
and provide the bank account details to the Service Recipient and/or the Company, so that the proceeds may be 
deposited into this account. If the proceeds are paid in local currency, you agree to 

                                                          19. 
<<<

bear any exchange rate risk between the time the shares of Common Stock are sold or dividends on such shares are 
paid and the time the proceeds are distributed to you through any such special account. 

You agree to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate 
compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 
                                                  CZECH REPUBLIC 

Notifications 

Exchange Control Information. The Czech National Bank ("CNB") may require you to fulfill certain notification duties in 
relation to the shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or any dividends paid on such shares, and the opening 
and maintenance of a foreign account. However, because exchange control regulations change frequently and without 
notice, you should consult your personal legal advisor prior to vesting to ensure compliance with current regulations. It is 
your responsibility to comply with applicable Czech exchange control laws. 
                                                      DENMARK 

Terms and Conditions 

Danish Stock Option Act. By accepting this Award, provided you are an Employee, you acknowledge that you have 
received the Employer Statement, translated into Danish, provided below which is being provided to comply with the 
Danish Stock Option Act (the "Act"). 

By accepting the Award, you acknowledge the Act has been amended as of January 1, 2019. Accordingly, you are 
advised and agree that the provisions governing the Restricted Stock Units in case of your termination of Continuous 
Service under the Agreement and the Plan will apply for any grant of Restricted Stock Units made on or after January 1, 
2019. The relevant provisions are detailed in the Agreement, the Plan and the Employer Statement. 
Notifications 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. You acknowledge that if you establish an account holding shares of 
Common Stock or an account holding cash outside Denmark, you must report the account to the Danish Tax 
Administration. The form which should be used in this respect may be obtained from a local bank. 

                                                           20. 
<<<

     SPECIAL NOTICE FOR EMPLOYEES IN                      SÆRLIG MEDDELELSE TIL MEDARBEJDERE I DANMARK 
                     DENMARK 
                                                                          ARBEJDSGIVERERKLÆRING 
             EMPLOYER STATEMENT 
                                                        I henhold til § 3, stk. 1, i lov om brug af køberet eller tegningsret mv. i 
Pursuant to Section 3(1) of the Danish Act on Stock ansættelsesforhold som ændret pr. 1. januar 2019 ("Aktieoptionsloven") 
Options in employment relations, as amended effective er du berettiget til i en særskilt skriftlig erklæring at modtage følgende 
January 1, 2019 (the "Stock Option Act"), you are oplysninger vedrørende tildelingen af Betingede Aktier ("RSU'er") i 
entitled to receive the following information regarding henhold til NVIDIA Corporation's ("Selskabets") "Amended and 
the grant of Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") pursuant to Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan" ("Planen"). 
the NVIDIA Corporation (the "Company") Amended 
and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") in Denne erklæring indeholder kun de oplysninger, der er nævnt i 
a separate written statement.                           Aktieoptionsloven. De nærmere vilkår for tildelingen af RSU'er er 
                                                        beskrevet i Planen samt i øvrige dokumenter, herunder i Global 
This statement contains only the information mentioned Restricted Stock Unit Agreement om tildeling af betingede aktier og de 
in the Stock Option Act. Additional terms and conditions dertil hørende landetillæg ("Aftalen"), som er udleveret til dig. 
related to the grant of RSUs are described in the Plan and Begreber, der   står med     stort begyndelsesbogstav     i   denne 
other documents, including the Global Restricted Stock arbejdsgivererklæring, men som ikke er defineret heri, har samme 
Unit Agreement and any country-specific appendices betydning som de begreber, der er defineret i Planen og/eller Aftalen. 
attached thereto (the "Agreement"), which have been 
made available to you. Capitalized terms used but not 1.     Tildelingstidspunkt 
defined herein shall have the same meaning as terms Tidspunktet for tildelingen af RSU'erne er den dag, hvor Bestyrelsen 
defined in the Plan and/or the Agreement.                (defineret som Board i Planen og/eller Aftalen) har godkendt tildelingen 
                                                        og fastslået, at den er gyldig. 

1. Date of Grant 
The Date of Grant of your RSUs is the date that the 
Board approved a grant for you and determined it would 
be effective. 

                                                              21. 
<<<

 2. Rights to future RSU grants under the Plan         2.   Ret til fremtidige RSU-tildelinger i henhold til Planen 

The grant of RSUs under the Plan is made at the sole Tildelingen    af RSU'er i    henhold til Planen    sker efter 
discretion of the Board. Subject to any limitations under Bestyrelsens eget skøn. Bestyrelsen kan til enhver tid ændre, 
the Plan, the Plan may be wholly or partially amended modificere, suspendere eller ophæve Planen helt eller delvist 
or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any med de begrænsninger, der fremgår af Planen. I henhold til 
time or from time to time by the Board. Under the terms Planens bestemmelser har du ikke nogen ret til eller noget 
 of the Plan, you have no entitlement or claim to receive krav på fremover at få tildelt RSU'er. 
future grants of RSUs. 
                                                       3.   Modningsdato 
 3. Vesting Date 
                                                       RSU'erne modnes over tid, forudsat, at du fortsat indgår i et 
 The RSUs will vest over a period of time, provided you Løbende   Ansættelsesforhold   (defineret som   Continuous 
 remain in Continuous Service. The exact vesting Service          i Planen     og/eller Aftalen).    De   nærmere 
 conditions applicable to your grant will be set forth in modningsbetingelser, som gælder for tildelingen, fremgår af 
your Agreement. Your RSUs shall be converted into Aftalen. RSU'erne konverteres til Ordinære Aktier (defineret 
shares of Common Stock upon vesting.                   som Common Stock i Planen og/eller Aftalen) ved modning. 

                                                       4.   Udnyttelseskurs 

                                                       Du skal ikke betale noget vederlag for RSU'erne, ligesom du 
 4. Exercise Price                                     ikke skal 
                                                                 betale noget for at modtage de Ordinære Aktier ved 
                                                       modning. 
 You pay no monetary consideration to receive the 
 RSUs nor do you pay any price to receive the shares of     Din retsstilling i forbindelse med fratræden 
 Common Stock issued upon vesting. 
                                                       Ved ophør af dit Løbende Ansættelsesforhold (uanset årsag, 
 5. Your rights upon termination of employment         medmindre du afgår ved døden) bortfalder eventuelle RSU'er, 
                                                       som er krediteret 
 On the termination of your Continuous Service (for any 
 reason other than death), the RSUs credited to the 
Account that 

                                                        22. 
<<<

were not vested on the date of such termination will be Kontoen (defineret som Account i Planen og/eller Aftalen), og 
forfeited and returned to the Company at no cost to the som ikke er modnet på ophørsdatoen, og føres tilbage til 
Company and you will have no further right, title or Selskabet uden omkostninger for Selskabet, og du vil ikke 
interest in or to such RSUs or the underlying shares of længere have nogen ret, adkomst eller interesse i disse 
Common Stock.                                         RSU'er eller i de bagvedliggende Ordinære Aktier. 

                                                      6.   Økonomiske aspekter ved deltagelse i Planen 

                                                      Tildelingen af RSU'er har ingen umiddelbare økonomiske 
6.   Financial aspects of participating in the Plan   konsekvenser for dig. Værdien af RSU'erne indgår ikke i 
                                                      beregningen af nogen former for fratrædelsesgodtgørelse, 
The grant of RSUs has no immediate financial 
                                                      godtgørelse for usaglig afskedigelse eller anden godtgørelse, 
consequences for you. The value of the RSUs is not 
                                                      bonus, belønning for tro tjeneste, feriepenge, pension, sociale 
taken into account when calculating any severance, 
                                                      ydelser eller lignende   betalinger eller andre lovpligtige, 
resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end- 
                                                      vederlagsafhængige ydelser. 
of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, 
holiday allowances, pension or retirement or welfare Ordinære Aktier er finansielle instrumenter, og investering i 
benefits or   similar payments    or other   statutory Ordinære Aktier vil altid være forbundet med en økonomisk 
consideration calculated on the basis of salary.      risiko. Muligheden for en gevinst på det tidspunkt, hvor du 
                                                      sælger de Ordinære Aktier, afhænger ikke alene af udviklingen 
Shares of Common Stock are financial instruments 
                                                      i Selskabets aktiekurs, men også af bl.a. den generelle 
and investing in shares of Common Stock will always 
                                                      udvikling på aktiemarkedet. Den fremtidige værdi af de 
have financial risk. The possibility of profit at the time 
                                                      Ordinære Aktier kendes ikke og kan ikke forudsiges med 
you sell shares of Common Stock will not only be sikkerhed. 
dependent on the Company's financial development, 
 but also on the general development of the stock 
 market, among other things. The future value of the NVIDIA Corporation 
 shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable Santa Clara, California, United States 
and cannot be predicted with certainty. 

NVIDIA Corporation 
Santa Clara, California, United States 

                                                       23. 
<<<

                                                       FINLAND 

There are no country specific provisions. 
                                                       FRANCE 

Terms and Conditions 

Restricted Stock Units Not French-qualified. The Restricted Stock Units granted under this Agreement are not intended 
to qualify for special tax and social security treatment pursuant to Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-6 of the French 
Commercial Code, as amended. 

Language Consent. By accepting the Award, you confirm having read and understood the Plan and the Agreement, 
which were provided in the English language. You accept the terms of those documents accordingly. 
Consentement Relatif la Langue Utilisée. En acceptant cette Attribution, vous confirmez avoir lu et comprendre le Plan 
et ce Contrat qui ont été transmis en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les dispositions de ces documents en 
connaissance de cause. 

Notifications 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. French residents holding cash or securities (including shares of Common 
Stock acquired under the Plan) outside of France or maintaining foreign bank or brokerage account (including accounts 
opened or closed during the tax year) must declare such assets and accounts to the French tax authorities when filing 
an annual tax return. Failure to comply could trigger significant penalties. 
                                                      GERMANY 

Notifications 

Exchange Control Information. Cross-border payments in excess of €12,500 in connection with the sale of securities 
(including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) and/or the receipt of dividends paid on securities must be 
reported on a monthly basis to the German Federal Bank (Bundesbank). If you receive a payment in excess of this 
amount, you must report the payment to Bundesbank electronically by the fifth day of the month following the month in 
which the payment was received. The form of the report ("Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik") can be accessed via the 
Bundesbank's website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. German residents holding shares of Common Stock must notify their local 
tax office of the acquisition of shares of Common Stock when they file their tax returns for the relevant year if the value 
of the shares of Common Stock acquired exceeds €150,000 or in the unlikely event that the resident holds Common 
Stock exceeding 10% of the Company's total Common Stock outstanding. However, if shares of Common Stock are 
listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange and you own less than 1% of the total shares of Common Stock, this 
requirement will not apply. 

                                                          24. 
<<<

                                                        GREECE 

There are no country specific provisions. 
                                                      HONG KONG 

Terms and Conditions 

Form of Settlement. Restricted Stock Units granted to individuals resident in Hong Kong shall be paid in shares of 
Common Stock only. In no event shall any Restricted Stock Units be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretion 
contained in the Plan to the contrary. 

Issuance of Shares and Sale of Shares. This provision supplements Sections 2 and 3 of the Global Restricted Stock 
Unit Agreement: 

Any shares of Common Stock issued in settlement of the Award are accepted as a personal investment. In the event 
shares of Common Stock subject to the Award are issued to you within six months of the Date of Grant, you agree that 
you will not offer the shares of Common Stock to the public in Hong Kong or otherwise dispose of any such shares prior 
to the six-month anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information: WARNING: The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory 
authority in Hong Kong. You should exercise caution in relation to the offer. If you are in any doubt about any of the 
contents of the Agreement, the Plan or any other incidental communication materials, you should obtain independent 
professional advice. The Award and any shares of Common Stock issued upon settlement do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to service providers of the Company and its Affiliates. 
The Agreement, the Plan and other incidental communication materials have not been prepared in accordance with and 
are not intended to constitute a "prospectus" for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation 
in Hong Kong. The Awards and any related documents are intended only for the personal use of each eligible service 
provider of the Service Recipient, the Company or any other Affiliate and may not be distributed to any other person. 
                                                       HUNGARY 

There are no country specific provisions. 
                                                          INDIA 

Notifications 

Exchange Control Information. You understand that you must repatriate any proceeds from the sale of shares of 
Common Stock acquired under the Plan or from the receipt of dividends paid on such shares to India and convert the 
proceeds into local currency within such time as prescribed under applicable Indian exchange control laws, which may 
be amended from time to time. You must obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate ("FIRC") from the bank where you 
deposit the foreign currency and must maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the 
Reserve Bank of India or the Service Recipient requests proof of repatriation. You also 

                                                           25. 
<<<

understand that it is your responsibility to comply with all exchange control laws in India and that you should consult with 
your own legal advisor about the applicable requirements. 
Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. Indian residents must declare the following items in their annual tax 
returns: (i) any foreign assets held (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan), and (ii) any foreign 
bank accounts for which the resident has signing authority. It is your responsibility to comply with applicable tax laws in 
India. You should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure that you are properly reporting your foreign assets 
and bank accounts. 
                                                      INDONESIA 

Terms and Conditions 

Language Consent and Notification. By accepting the Award, you (i) confirm having read and understood the documents 
relating to this grant (i.e., the Plan and the Agreement) which were provided in the English language, (ii) accept the 
terms of those documents accordingly, and (iii) agree not to challenge the validity of this document based on Law No. 24 
of 2009 on National Flag, Language, Coat of Arms and National Anthem or the implementing Presidential Regulation 
(when issued). 
Persetujuan dan Pemberitahuan Bahasa. Dengan menerima pemberianRSU, Peserta (i) mengkonfirmasi bahwa 
dirinya telah membaca dan mengerti dokumen-dokumen yang terkait dengan pemberian ini (yaitu, Program dan 
Perjanjian) yang disediakan dalam Bahasa Inggris, (ii) menerima syarat-syarat dari dokumen-dokumen tersebut, dan (iii) 
setuju untuk tidak mengajukan keberatan atas keberlakuan dokumen ini berdasarkan Undang-Undang No. 24 Tahun 
2009 tentang Bendera, Bahasa, dan Lambang Negara, Serta Lagu Kebangsaan atau Peraturan Presiden pelaksananya 
(ketika diterbitkan). 
Notifications 

Foreign Asset / Account Reporting. Indonesian residents must report worldwide assets (including foreign accounts and 
shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) in their annual individual income tax return. 

Exchange Control Information. Indonesian residents must report information on foreign exchange activities (i.e., the 
inward and outbound remittance of funds, including the remittance of proceeds from the sale of shares of Common 
Stock or from the receipt of dividends paid on such shares into Indonesia) to Bank Indonesia on a monthly basis. The 
reporting should be completed online through Bank Indonesia's website. 

Further, if an Indonesian resident remits proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock or from the receipt of 
dividends paid on such shares into Indonesia, the Indonesian bank through which the transaction is made will submit a 
report on the transaction to Bank Indonesia for statistical reporting purposes. The Indonesian bank executing the 
transaction will request information, data and/or supporting documents from you, which you will be required to provide to 
the bank. 

                                                           26. 
<<<

                                                         ISRAEL 

Terms and Conditions 

The following provision applies to you if you are in Israel on the Date of Grant. 

Israeli Sub-plan. You acknowledge and agree that the Awards are granted under the Israeli sub-plan to the Plan which 
contains additional terms and conditions that govern your Award. In addition, your Award is subject to Section 102 
capital gains route of the Income Tax Ordinance (New Version) - 1961, the rules and regulations promulgated in 
connection therewith (the "Ordinance"), any tax ruling to be obtained by the Company (collectively, the "CGR"), and the 
Trust Agreement, copies of which have been provided to you or made available for your review. You agree that the 
Awards will be issued to and controlled by a trustee appointed by the Company (the "Trustee") for your benefit, 
pursuant to the terms of the CGR and the Trust Agreement. You also confirm that you are familiar with the terms and 
provisions of Section 102 of the Ordinance and the CGR and understand that the Awards will be subject to the lockup 
period and you undertake not to sell or require the Trustee to release the Awards or the underlying shares of Common 
Stock, prior to the expiration of the lockup period, unless you pay all taxes which may arise in connection with such sale 
and/or transfer. 

The classification of the Restricted Stock Units as Trustee 102 Awards is conditioned upon the approval of the Plan, the 
Sub-Plan and the Trustee by the Israeli Tax Authorities ("ITA"). In the event that such approval is not granted, 
regardless of reason, then the Restricted Stock Unit shall be deemed to be Non-Trustee 102 Award, unless otherwise 
determined by the ITA. In addition, the Company does not undertake to maintain the tax-qualified status and you 
acknowledge that you will not be entitled to damages of any nature whatsoever if the Award becomes disqualified and 
no longer qualifies under the capital gains tax route. 
The Restricted Stock Unit will be issued to the Trustee. The Trustee will hold the units and the shares of Common Stock 
to be issued and all other shares of Common Stock received following any realization of rights, including bonus shares, 
dividends (whether in cash or in kind), or other rights issued or distributed in connection with the Restricted Stock Unit or 
the shares of Common Stock, in trust, until the later of: (i) the expiration of the minimum Lockup Period as required 
under Section 102, or (ii) the full payment of all requisite taxes by you, as shall be determined by the Company and the 
Trustee, in their sole discretion. You agree to comply with any additional requirements that may be imposed by a 
designated trustee for the Plan. 

The Company and/or its Affiliate and/or the Trustee shall be entitled to withhold Taxes according to requirement of any 
applicable laws, rules and regulations and the CGR. The Company and/or the Trustee shall not be required to release 
any Restricted Stock Units and/or shares of Common Stock to you or to any third party until all required tax payments 
have been fully made or will be made to the full satisfaction of the Company and the Trustee. 

The following provision applies if you transfer into Israel after the Date of Grant. 

Settlement. The following provision supplements Sections 2 and 3 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 

                                                           27. 
<<<

At the discretion of the Company, you may be subject to an immediate forced sale restriction, pursuant to which all 
shares of Common Stock acquired at vesting will be immediately sold and you will receive the sale proceeds less any 
Tax-Related Items and applicable broker fees and commissions. In this case, you will not be entitled to hold any shares 
of Common Stock acquired at vesting. 

                                                        ITALY 

Terms and Conditions 

Plan Document Acknowledgment. In participating in the Plan, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the 
Plan and the Agreement and have reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and 
accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. You further acknowledge that you have read and specifically and 
expressly approve the Sections of the Agreement addressing (i) Compliance with Law (Section 4 of the Global 
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement), (ii) Limitations on Transfer (Section 5 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement), 
(iii) Responsibility for Taxes (Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement), (iv) Nature of Grant (Section 11 
of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement), (v) Imposition of Other Requirements (Section 21 of the Global 
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement), (vi) Governing Law/Venue (Section 23 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement) and (vii) the Data Privacy Notification For Participants Working and/or Residing In the European Union 
("EU")/European Economic Area ("EEA")/Switzerland/United Kingdom provision of this Appendix. 

Notifications 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. Italian residents who, during any fiscal year, hold investments or financial 
assets outside of Italy (e.g., cash, shares of Common Stock) which may generate income taxable in Italy (or who are the 
beneficial owners of such an investment or asset even if not directly holding the investment or asset), are required to 
report such investments or assets on the annual tax return for such fiscal year (on UNICO Form, RW Schedule, or on a 
special form if not required to file a tax return). 

Foreign Financial Asset Tax Notification. The value of any shares of Common Stock (and certain other foreign assets) 
an Italian resident holds outside Italy may be subject to a foreign financial assets tax. You should consult your personal 
tax advisor for additional information. 
                                                        JAPAN 

Notifications 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. Japanese residents are required to report details of any assets held 
outside Japan (e.g., shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) to the extent such assets have a total net fair 
market value exceeding ¥50,000,000 as of December 31 each year. You should consult with your personal tax advisor 
to ensure that you are properly complying with applicable reporting requirements in Japan. 

                                                          28. 
<<<

Exchange Control Information. If you acquire shares of Common Stock valued at more than ¥100,000,000 million in a 
single transaction, you must file a Securities Acquisition Report with the Ministry of Finance through the Bank of Japan 
within 20 days after the acquisition of the shares. You should consult with your personal tax advisor to determine your 
reporting obligations. 
                                                      KOREA 

Notifications 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information.   Korean residents are required to declare foreign accounts (i.e., non- 
Korean bank accounts, brokerage accounts, etc.) to the Korean tax authorities if the monthly balance of such accounts 
exceeds a certain limit (currently KRW 500 million or an equivalent amount in foreign currency) on any month-end date 
during a calendar year. 
                                                    MALAYSIA 

Terms and Conditions 
Data Privacy. This provision replaces the Data Privacy Consent For Participants Working and/or Residing Outside the 
European Union/European Economic Area/Switzerland/United Kingdom of this Appendix: 

                                                         29. 
<<<

You     hereby    explicitly, voluntarily   and Anda dengan ini secara eksplicit, secara sukarela dan 
unambiguously consent to the collection, use and tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, 
transfer, in electronic or other form, of your penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik 
personal data as described in this Agreement and atau lain-lain, data peribadi anda seperti yang dinyatakan 
any other award documentation by and among, as dalam Perjanjian ini dan apa-apa dokumentasi anugerah 
applicable, the Company, the Service Recipient lain oleh dan di antara, sepertimana yang berkenaan, 
and any other Affiliate or any third parties Syarikat,     Penerima   Perkhidmatan   dan   mana-mana 
authorized   by same     in assisting   in   the Syarikat Sekutu lain atau mana-mana pihak ketiga yang 
implementation, administration and management diberi kuasa oleh yang sama untuk membantu dalam 
of your participation in the Plan.              pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan penyertaan 
                                                anda dalam Pelan. 

                                                Sebelum ini, anda mungkin telah membekalkan Syarikat 
                                                dan Penerima Perkhidmatan dengan, dan Syarikat dan 
                                                Penerima Perkhidmatan mungkin memegang, maklumat 
You may have previously provided the Company 
                                                peribadi tertentu tentang anda, termasuk, tetapi tidak 
and the Service Recipient with, and the Company 
                                                terhad kepada, nama anda, alamat rumah, alamat e-mel 
and the Service Recipient may hold, certain 
                                                dan nombor telefon, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial, 
personal information about you, including, but not 
                                                nombor pasport atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, 
limited to, your name, home address, email 
                                                kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa syer dalam Saham 
address and telephone number, date of birth, 
                                                Biasa atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam 
social insurance number, passport number or 
                                                Syarikat, fakta dan syarat-syarat penyertaan anda dalam 
other identification number, salary, nationality, job 
                                                Pelan, butir-butir semua Unit-unit Saham Terbatas atau 
title, any   shares   of   Common     Stock   or 
                                                apa-apa hak lain untuk syer dalam Saham Biasa yang 
directorships held in the Company, the fact and 
                                                dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, terletak hak, 
conditions of your participation in the Plan, details 
                                                tidak diletak hak ataupun yang belum 
of all Restricted Stock Units or any other 
entitlement to shares of Common Stock awarded, 
cancelled, exercised,    vested, unvested     or 
outstanding in your favor ("Data"),     for the 
exclusive 

                                                   30. 
<<<

purpose   of implementing,   administering and dijelaskan bagi faedah anda ("Data"), untuk tujuan 
managing the Plan.                               eksklusif bagi    melaksanakan,    mentadbir    dan 
                                                menguruskan Pelan. 

                                                Anda juga memberi kuasa untuk membuat apa-apa 
You also authorize any transfer of Data, as may be pemindahan Data, sebagaimana yang      diperlukan, 
required, to Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. and certain kepada Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. dan sekutu-sekutu 
of its affiliates ("Schwab"), or such other stock plan tertentunya ("Schwab"), atau pembekal perkhidmatan 
service provider as may be selected by the pelan saham lain sebagaimana yang dipilih oleh 
Company in the future, which is assisting the Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat 
Company with the implementation, administration dalam pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan Pelan 
and management of the Plan and/or with whom any dan/atau   dengan   sesiapa mana-mana    syer yang 
shares acquired upon vesting of the Restricted diperolehi selepas peletakan hak Unit-unit Saham 
Stock Units are deposited. You acknowledge that Terbatas   didepositkan. Anda    mengakui    bahawa 
these recipients may be located in your country or penerima-penerima ini mungkin berada di negara anda 
elsewhere, and that the recipient's country (e.g., the atau di tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima 
United States) may have different data privacy laws (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai 
and protections to your country, which may not undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang 
give the same level of protection to Data. You berbeza daripada negara anda, yang mungkin tidak 
authorize the Company, Schwab and any other boleh memberi tahap perlindungan yang sama kepada 
possible recipients which may assist the Company Data. Anda memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, Schwab 
                                                 dan   mana-mana    penerima   lain yang    mungkin 
(presently or in the future) with implementing, 
administering and managing your participation in membantu Syarikat (masa sekarang atau pada masa 
the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and depan)      untuk    melaksanakan,    mentadbir    dan 
transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the menguruskan penyertaan anda dalam Pelan untuk 
sole purpose of implementing, administering and menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan 
                                                 memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain- 
managing your participation in the Plan. 
                                                 lain, semata-mata dengan tujuan untuk melaksanakan, 
                                                 mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan anda dalam 
                                                 Pelan. 

                                                 Anda memahami bahawa anda boleh meminta senarai 
                                                 nama dan alamat mana-mana penerima Data yang 
You understand that you may request a list with the berpotensi dengan menghubungi     wakil sumber 
names and addresses of any potential recipients of manusia tempatan anda. Anda faham bahawa Data 
Data by contacting your local human resources akan dipegang hanya untuk tempoh yang diperlukan 
representative. You understand that Data will be untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan 
held only as long as is necessary to implement, penyertaan anda dalam Pelan. Anda memahami bahawa 
administer and manage your participation in the anda boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat 
Plan. You understand that you may, at any 

                                                  31. 
<<<

 time, view Data, request additional information Data,           meminta      maklumat     tambahan      mengenai 
 about the storage and processing of Data, require penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta apa-apa 
 any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or pindaan yang perlu dilaksanakan ke atas Data atau 
 withdraw the consents herein, in any case, without menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, 
 cost, by contacting in writing your local human dalam            mana-mana       kes,    tanpa    kos,    dengan 
 resources representative. Further, you understand menghubungi secara bertulis wakil sumber manusia 
 that you are providing the consents herein on a tempatan anda. Selanjutnya, anda memahami bahawa 
purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if anda memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela. 
you later seek to revoke the consent, your Jika anda tidak bersetuju, atau jika anda kemudian 
 employment status and career with the Service membatalkan persetujuan anda, status pekerjaan dan 
 Recipient    will not     be   affected;    the   only kerjaya anda dengan Penerima Perkhidmatan tidak 
 consequence     of refusing    or withdrawing      the akan terjejas; satu-satunya akibat jika anda tidak 
 consent is that the Company would not be able to bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuan anda adalah 
grant future Restricted Stock Units or other equity bahawa Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan Unit-unit 
 awards to you or administer or maintain such Saham Terbatas pada masa depan atau anugerah- 
 awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or anugerah ekuiti lain kepada anda atau mentadbir atau 
 withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to mengekalkan anugerah-anugerah tersebut. Oleh itu, 
participate in the Plan. For more information on the anda memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan 
 consequences     of the    refusal   to consent     or balik persetujuan anda boleh menjejaskan keupayaan 
 withdrawal of consent, you understand that you anda untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan. Untuk 
may contact NVIDIA-StockAdmin@nvidia.com.               maklumat lanjut mengenai akibat keengganan anda 
                                                        untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik 
                                                        keizinan,    anda   memahami       bahawa    anda    boleh 
                                                        menghubungi NVIDIA-StockAdmin@nvidia.com. 

Notifications 
Director Notification Obligation. If you are a director of a Malaysian Affiliate, you are subject to certain notification 
requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Malaysian 
Affiliate in writing when you receive or dispose of an interest (e.g., an Award under the Plan or shares of Common 
Stock) in the Company or any Affiliate. Such notifications must be made within 14 days of receiving or disposing of any 
interest in the Company or any Affiliate. 

                                                      MEXICO 

Terms and Conditions 

Acknowledgement of the Agreement. By accepting the Award, you acknowledge that you have received a copy of the 
Plan and the Agreement, which you have reviewed. You further acknowledge that you accept all the provisions of the 
Plan and the Agreement. You also acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly 

                                                         32. 
<<<

approve the terms and conditions set forth in Section 11 of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows: 
(1) Your participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right; 

(2) The Plan and your participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis; 
(3)   You shall not be considered to have any claim or entitlement to compensation or damages from the grant of the 
       Award or from the forfeiture of this Award; 

(4) Your participation in the Plan is voluntary; and 
(5)   The Company and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any shares of Common Stock 
       acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. 
Labor Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement. By accepting the Award, you acknowledge that the Company, with 
registered offices at 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051, U.S.A, is solely responsible for the 
administration of the Plan. You further acknowledge that your participation in the Plan, the grant of Restricted Stock 
Units and any acquisition of shares of Common Stock under the Plan do not constitute an employment or other service 
relationship between you and the Company because you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and 
your sole service recipient is NV Computing Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ("NVIDIA Mexico"). Based on the foregoing, you 
expressly acknowledge that the Plan and the benefits that you may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish 
any rights between you and NVIDIA Mexico, and do not form part of any employment conditions and/or benefits 
provided by NVIDIA Mexico, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or 
impairment of the terms and conditions of your Continuous Service with NVIDIA Mexico. 

You further understand that your participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the 
Company; therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and/or discontinue your participation in the Plan 
at any time, without any liability to you. 

Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve to yourself any action or right to bring any claim against the 
Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, 
and that you therefore grant a full and broad release to the Company, its Affiliates, branches, representation offices, 
shareholders, officers, agents and legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise. 

Spanish Translation 

Reconocimiento del Contrato. Al aceptar el Premio, usted reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y del Contrato, 
los cuales que ha revisado. Además, usted reconoce que acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan y del Contrato. 
También, usted reconoce que ha leído y que específica y expresamente aprueba de los términos y condiciones de la 
Sección 11 del Contrato, que claramente dispone lo siguiente: 

(1) Su participación en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido; 

                                                          33. 
<<<

(2)   El Plan y su participación en el Plan se ofrecen por la Compañía de una manera totalmente discrecional; 

(3)    No tendrá ningún derecho o reclamación por compensación o daño derivado de la concesión del Premio o 
       derivado de la pérdida de este Premio; 

(4) SU participación en el Plan es voluntaria; y 

(5)   La Compañía y sus Afiliadas no son responsables por ninguna disminución del valor de las Acciones adquiridas 
       cuando las Unidades de Acciones Restringidas se maduren. 

Reconocimiento Ley Laboral y Declaración de la Política. Al aceptar el Premio, usted reconoce que la Compañía, con 
oficinas registradas en 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California 95051, EE.UU., es únicamente 
responsable por la administración del Plan. Además, usted reconoce que su participación en el Plan, la concesión de 
las Unidades de Acciones Restringidas y cualquier adquisición de Acciones de conformidad con el Plan no constituyen 
una relación laboral u otra relación de servicio entre usted y la Compañía, ya que usted está participando en el Plan 
sobre una base totalmente comercial y el único recipiente de servicio es NV Computing Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
("NVIDIA Mexico"). Derivado de lo anterior, usted expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que se podrían 
derivar al participar en el Plan no establecen ningún derecho entre usted y NVIDIA Mexico, y que no forman parte de 
las condiciones de cualquier empleo y/o las prestaciones otorgadas por NVIDIA Mexico, y cualquier modificación del 
Plan o su terminación no constituirán un cambio o deterioro de los términos y condiciones de su Servicio Continuo con 
NVIDIA Mexico. 

Además, usted entiende que su participación en el Plan se resulta de una decisión unilateral y discrecional de la 
Compañía; por lo tanto, la Compañía se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y/o discontinuar su participación en el 
Plan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna hacia usted. 
Finalmente, en este acto usted manifiesta que no se reserva acción o derecho alguno para interponer una reclamación 
o demanda en contra de la Compañía, por cualquier compensación o daño en relación con cualquier disposición del 
Plan o de los beneficios derivados del Plan, y, por lo tanto, otorga un amplio y total finiquito a la Compañía, sus 
Afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representación, sus accionistas, funcionarios, agentes y representantes legales con 
respecto a cualquier reclamación o demanda que pudiera surgir. 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. Any Award offered under the Plan and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Award 
have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and 
Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan and any other document 
relating to any Award may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. These materials are addressed to you only because of 
your existing relationship with the Company and its Affiliates and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in 
any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities but rather constitutes a 
private placement of securities addressed specifically to individuals who are present Employees or Contractors of the 
Company or 

                                                           34. 
<<<

one of its Affiliates, made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under 
such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
                                                   NETHERLANDS 

There are no country specific provisions. 
                                                       NORWAY 

There are no country specific provisions. 
                                    PALESTINE (WEST BANK AND GAZA STRIP) 

Notifications 

Exchange Control Information. Palestine residents may be subject to certain tax, exchange control or foreign 
asset/account reporting requirements under applicable laws as a result of the acquisition, holding or transfer of shares of 
Common Stock or cash resulting from participation in the Plan. You are responsible for being aware of and satisfying 
any such requirements that may be necessary in connection with the Award. You should consult with your personal legal 
advisor to ensure compliance with local laws. 
                                                       POLAND 

Notifications 

Exchange Control Information. If you transfer funds into and out of Poland in excess of €15,000 (or PLN 15,000 if such 
transfer of funds is connected with business activity of an entrepreneur) must be made via a bank account held at a 
bank in Poland. You are required to store all documents connected with any foreign exchange transactions that you 
engaged in for a period of five years, as measured from the end of the year in which such transaction occurred. 
If you hold shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan and/or maintain a bank account abroad and the aggregate 
value of shares of Common Stock and/or cash held in such foreign accounts exceeds PLN 7 million, you must file 
reports on the transactions and balances of the accounts on a quarterly basis to the National Bank of Poland. You 
should consult with your personal legal advisor to determine your reporting responsibilities. 
                                                       RUSSIA 

Terms and Conditions 

U.S. Transaction. You understand that the acceptance of the Restricted Stock Units results in an agreement between 
you and the Company that is completed in the U.S. and that this Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. 
Notifications 

Securities Law Information. You acknowledge that the Restricted Stock Units, this Agreement, the Plan and all other 
materials that you may receive regarding participation 

                                                          35. 
<<<

in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. The shares of Common Stock acquired 
pursuant to the Plan have not and will not be registered in Russia and therefore, neither the Restricted Stock Units nor 
the shares of Common Stock may be offered or publicly circulated in Russia. You acknowledge that you may hold 
shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units in an account with the designated 
broker in the U.S. However, in no event will shares of Common Stock issued to you under the Plan be delivered to you 
in Russia. Further, you are not permitted to sell shares of Common Stock directly to other Russian individuals. 

Exchange Control Information. Under exchange control regulations in Russia, you may be required to repatriate certain 
cash amounts you receive with respect to the Restricted Stock Units to Russia. Such funds must initially be credited to 
you through a foreign currency account at an authorized bank in Russia. After the funds are initially received in Russia, 
they may be further remitted to foreign banks in accordance with Russian exchange control laws. 
Under the Directive of the Russian Central Bank (the "CBR") N 5371-U which came into force on April 17, 2020, 
repatriation requirements do not apply for (i) accounts with foreign banks in jurisdictions that are party to an international 
agreement on the automatic exchange of information with Russia and (ii) for accounts that are considered by the CBR to 
be a foreign brokerage account opened with a financial market institution other than a bank. 
You should contact your personal advisor to confirm the application of the exchange control restrictions prior to vesting 
in the Restricted Stock Units, selling shares of Common Stock and the receipt of cash dividends paid on such shares as 
significant penalties may apply in case of non-compliance with the exchange control restrictions and because such 
exchange control restrictions are subject to change. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. As of January 1, 2020, the following reports or notifications must be filed 
with the Russian tax authorities, if applicable: 
       ·      Annual cash flow and financial asset (including shares of Common Stock) reporting for an offshore 
              brokerage account (due by June 1 each year for the previous year, with the first reporting due by June 1, 
              2021 for calendar year 2020). 
       ·      A one-time notification within one month of opening an offshore brokerage account. 

       .      A one-time notification within one month of closing an offshore brokerage account. 

       ·      A one-time notification within one month of changing details of an offshore brokerage account. 

You should consult with your personal legal advisor to determine the application of these reporting requirements to any 
account opened in connection with your participation in the Plan. 

Labor Law Information. If you continue to hold shares of Common Stock acquired at settlement of the Restricted Stock 
Units after an involuntary termination of Continuous Service, you will not be eligible to receive unemployment benefits in 
Russia. 

                                                            36. 
<<<

Data Privacy. You hereby acknowledge that you have read and understand the terms regarding the collection, 
processing and transfer of Data contained in the Data Privacy Consent For Participants Working and/or Residing 
Outside the European Union/European Economic Area/Switzerland/United Kingdom of this Appendix and, by 
participating in the Plan, agree to such terms. In this regard, upon request of the Company or the Service Recipient, you 
agree to provide an executed data privacy consent form (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by 
the Company or the Service Recipient) should the Company and/or the Service Recipient deem such agreement or 
consent necessary under applicable data privacy laws, either now or in the future. You understand that you will not be 
able to participate in the Plan if you fail to execute any such consent or agreement. 
                                                     SAUDI ARABIA 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules of the Offers of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market Authority. 

The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document, 
and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this 
document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the 
accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do not understand the contents of this document you should 
consult an authorized financial adviser. 

                                                      SINGAPORE 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. The Award is being made to you in reliance on the "Qualifying Person" exemption under 
section 273(1)(f) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chap. 289, 2006 Ed.), is exempt from the prospectus and 
registration requirements under the SFA and is not made to you with a view to the Award or underlying shares of 
Common Stock being subsequently offered for sale to any other party. The Plan has not been and will not be lodged or 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 

Director Notification Obligation. Directors (including alternate, substitute, associate and shadow directors) of a 
Singapore Affiliate are subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these 
requirements is an obligation to notify such entity in writing within two business days of any of the following events: (i) 
the acquisition or disposal of an interest (e.g., Awards granted under the Plan or shares of Common Stock) in the 
Company or any Affiliate, (ii) any change in previously-disclosed interests (e.g., sale of shares of Common Stock), of (iii) 
becoming a director, an associate director or a shadow director of an Affiliate in Singapore, if the individual holds such 
an interest at that time. These notification requirements apply regardless of whether directors are residents of or 
employed in Singapore. You understand that if you are the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of a Singapore Affiliate and 
the above notification requirements are determined to apply to the CEO of a Singapore Affiliate, the above notification 
requirements also may apply to you. 

                                                            37. 
<<<

                                                    SOUTH AFRICA 

Terms and Conditions 

Responsibility for Taxes. The following provision supplements Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement: 

By accepting the Award, you agree that, provided you are an Employee at the time of vesting and settlement of the 
Award, immediately upon vesting and settlement of the Award, you will notify the Service Recipient of the amount of 
any income realized. If you fail to advise the Service Recipient of the income realized upon vesting and settlement, you 
may be liable for a fine. You will be solely responsible for paying any difference between your actual tax liability and 
any amount withheld by the Service Recipient. 
Notifications 

Exchange Control Information. You are responsible for ensuring compliance with all exchange control laws in South 
Africa in connection with the Award. You should consult with your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with the 
applicable requirements. 
                                                         SPAIN 

Terms and Conditions 

Nature of Grant. The following provision supplements Section 11 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement: 

By accepting the Award, you consent to participation in the Plan and acknowledge that you have received a copy of the 
Plan. 

You understand that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and in its sole discretion decided to grant an Award 
under the Plan to individuals who may be Consultants, Directors, or Employees of the Service Recipient, the Company, 
or one of its other Affiliates throughout the world. The decision is limited and entered into based upon the express 
assumption and condition that any Award will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any Affiliate, including 
the Service Recipient, on an ongoing basis, other than as expressly set forth in the Agreement. Consequently, you 
understand that the Award is given on the assumption and condition that the Award shall not become part of any 
employment or other service contract (whether with the Company or any Affiliate, including the Service Recipient) and 
shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purpose (including severance compensation) or any other 
right whatsoever. Furthermore, you understand and freely accept that there is no guarantee that any benefit whatsoever 
shall arise from the Award, which is gratuitous and discretionary, since the future value of the Award, and the underlying 
shares of Common Stock, is unknown and unpredictable. 

Further, your participation in the Plan is expressly conditioned on your continued and active rendering of service, such 
that, unless otherwise set forth in the Plan, if your Continuous Service terminates for any reason except for your death, 
your participation in the Plan will cease immediately. This will be the case, for example, even if (1) you are considered to 
be unfairly dismissed without good cause (i.e., subject to a "despido improcedente"); (2) you are dismissed for 
disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a 

                                                           38. 
<<<

collective dismissal; (3) your Continuous Service ceases due to a change of work location, duties or any other 
employment or contractual condition; (4) your Continuous Service ceases due to a unilateral breach of contract by the 
Company or any of its Affiliates; or (5) your Continuous Service terminates for any other reason whatsoever. 
Consequently, upon termination of your Continuous Service for any of the above reasons, you automatically lose any 
right to participate in the Plan on the date of your termination of Continuous Service, as described in the Plan and the 
Agreement. 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. The Award and shares of Common Stock described in the Agreement do not qualify under 
Spanish regulations as securities. No "offer of securities to the public", as defined under Spanish law, has taken place 
or will take place in the Spanish territory. The Agreement has not been nor will it be registered with the Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores, and does not constitute a public offering prospectus. 

Exchange Control Information. The acquisition of shares of Common Stock and subsequent sales of shares of Common 
Stock must be declared for statistical purposes to the Dirección General de Comercio e Inversiones (the "DGCI"). 
Because you will not purchase or sell the shares of Common Stock through the use of a Spanish financial institution, 
you will need to make the declaration yourself by filing a D-6 form with the DGCI. Generally, the D-6 form must be filed 
each January while the shares of Common Stock are owned. However, if the value of the shares of Common Stock 
acquired under the Plan or the amount of the sale proceeds exceeds €1,502,530, the declaration must be filed within 
one month of the acquisition or sale, as applicable. 

In addition, any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), as well as the securities (including 
shares of Common Stock) held in such accounts, may need to be declared electronically to the Bank of Spain, 
depending on the value of the transactions during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31 
of the prior tax year. 

Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information. Rights or assets (e.g., shares of Common Stock or cash held in a bank or 
brokerage account) held outside of Spain with a value in excess of €50,000 per type of right or asset (e.g., shares of 
Common Stock, cash, etc.) as of December 31, must be reported on your annual tax return. After such rights and/or 
assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will only apply for subsequent years if the value of any previously- 
reported rights or assets increases by more than €20,000. Shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan or other 
equity programs offered by the Company constitute assets for purposes of this requirement, but unvested rights (e.g., 
Restricted Stock Units, etc.) are not considered assets or rights for purposes of this requirement. 
                                                       SWEDEN 

Terms and Conditions 

Authorization to Withhold. The following provision supplements Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement: 

Without limiting the Company's and the Service Recipient's authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for Tax- 
Related Items as set forth in Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, in accepting the Award, you 
authorize the Company 

                                                           39. 
<<<

and/or the Service Recipient to withhold shares of Common Stock or to sell shares of Common Stock otherwise 
deliverable to you upon vesting/settlement to satisfy Tax-Related Items, regardless of whether the Company and/or the 
Service Recipient have an obligation to withhold such Tax-Related Items. 

                                                     SWITZERLAND 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. Because the offer of the Award is considered a private offering in Switzerland; it is not 
subject to registration in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Award (i) constitute a 
prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services ("FinSA"), (ii) may be publicly 
distributed nor otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an Employee of the Company 
or Service Recipient or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according 
to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
("FINMA"). 
                                                         TAIWAN 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for Consultants, Directors and 
Employees of the Company and its Affiliates. The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a 
Taiwanese company. 

Exchange Control Information. Taiwanese residents may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds from 
the sale of shares of Common Stock and the receipt of any dividends paid on such shares of Common Stock) into 
Taiwan up to US$5,000,000 per year without justification. If the transaction amount is TWD 500,000 or more in a single 
transaction, a Foreign Exchange Transaction Form must be submitted, along with supporting documentation, to the 
satisfaction of the remitting bank. You should consult your personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable 
exchange control laws in Taiwan. 

                                                       THAILAND 

Notifications 

Exchange Control Information. If you realize US$1,000,000 or more in a single transaction from the sale of shares of 
Common Stock or the payment of dividends, you are required to repatriate the funds to Thailand immediately following 
the receipt of the funds unless you can rely on any applicable exemptions (e.g., where the funds will be used offshore for 
any permissible purposes under exchange control regulations and the relevant form and supporting documents have 
been submitted to a commercial bank in Thailand). Any foreign currency repatriated to Thailand must be converted to 
Thai Baht or deposited into a foreign currency deposit account opened with any commercial bank in Thailand acting as 
the authorized agent within 360 days from the date the funds are repatriated to Thailand. You are also required to inform 
the authorized agent of the details of the foreign currency transaction, including your identification information and the 
purpose of the transaction. You are personally responsible for complying with exchange control restrictions in Thailand. 

                                                            40. 
<<<

                                                        TURKEY 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. The Award is made available only to Employees or Consultants, and the offer of 
participation in the Plan is a private offering in Turkey. The grant of the Award and the issuance of shares of Common 
Stock at vesting take place outside of Turkey. 
Financial Intermediary Obligation. Any activity related to investments in foreign securities (e.g., the sale of shares of 
Common Stock) should be conducted through a bank or financial intermediary institution licensed by the Turkish Capital 
Markets Board and should be reported to the Turkish Capital Markets Board. You are solely responsible for complying 
with this requirement and should consult with a personal legal advisor for further information regarding any obligations in 
this respect. 
                                                        UKRAINE 

Notifications 

Exchange Control Information. You understand that you are responsible for complying with the applicable exchange 
control regulations in Ukraine. As the exchange control regulations in Ukraine may change without notice, you have 
been advised to consult a legal advisor prior to opening any account outside of Ukraine and in connection with the 
acquisition and the sale of any shares of Common Stock under the Plan to ensure your compliance with the regulations. 
                                          UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (DUBAI) 

Notifications 

Securities Law Information. Participation in the Plan is being offered only to eligible service providers and is in the nature 
of providing equity incentives to employees in the United Arab Emirates. The Plan and the Agreement are intended for 
distribution only to such service providers and must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. Prospective 
purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If you do not understand 
the contents of the Plan or the Agreement, you should consult an authorized financial adviser. The Emirates Securities 
and Commodities Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Plan. 
Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved the Plan or the 
Agreement nor taken steps to verify the information set out therein, and have no responsibility for such documents. 
                                                   UNITED KINGDOM 

Terms and Conditions 

Form of Settlement. Restricted Stock Units granted to individuals resident in the United Kingdom shall be paid in shares 
of Common Stock only. In no event shall any Restricted Stock Units be paid in cash, notwithstanding any discretion 
contained in the Plan to the contrary. 

Responsibility for Taxes. The following provisions supplement Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement: 

                                                            41. 
<<<

Without limitation to Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, you agree that you are liable for all Tax- 
Related Items and hereby covenant to pay all such Tax-Related Items, as and when requested by the Company or the 
Service Recipient or by Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs ("HMRC") (or any other tax authority or any other relevant 
authority). You also agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and the Service Recipient against any Tax- 
Related Items that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC on your behalf (or any other tax 
authority or any other relevant authority). 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or an executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of such 
terms for purposes of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), you acknowledge that may not be able to indemnify the 
Company or the Employer for the amount of any income tax not collected from or paid by you, as it may be considered a 
loan. In this case, the amount of any income tax not collected within 90 days of the end of the U.K. tax year in which the 
event giving rise to the Tax-Related Item(s) occurs may constitute an additional benefit to you on which additional 
income tax and National Insurance Contributions may be payable. You will be responsible for reporting and paying any 
income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing the 
Company or the Service Recipient (as appropriate) for the value of any National Insurance Contributions due on this 
additional benefit, which the Company or the Service Recipient collect by any of the means referred to in the Plan or 
Section 10 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 

                                                          42. 
<<<

               Attachment III 
            NVIDIA Corporation 
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan 
<<<

                                                     43. 
                                                                                                            EXHIBIT 21.1 
                                    LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES 

Subsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)                              Country of Organization 
Beijing DeepMap Chuxing Technology Co., Ltd.                             China 
Beijing Mellanox Technologies Co. Ltd.                                   China 
Bright Computing B.V.                                                    Netherlands 
Bright Computing Holding B.V.                                            Netherlands 
Bright Computing, Inc                                                    United States 
Cigol Digital Systems Ltd.                                               Israel 
Cumulus Networks India LLP                                               India 
Cumulus Networks, Inc                                                    United States 
DeepMap Cayman Limited                                                   Cayman Island 
DeepMap GmbH i.L.                                                        Germany 
DeepMap (Guangzhou) Chuxing Technology Co., Ltd.                         China 
DeepMap HongKong Limited                                                 Hong Kong 
DeepMap US LLC                                                           United States 
Icera LLC                                                                United States 
Icera Semiconductor LLC                                                  United States 
JAH Venture Holdings, Inc.                                               United States 
LPN Facilitator LLC                                                      United States 
Mellanox Technologies Belfast Ltd. (fka Titan IC Systems Ltd.)           UK-Northern Ireland 
Mellanox Technologies Denmark ApS (fka Iptronics A/S)                    Denmark 
Mellanox Technologies Distribution, Ltd.                                 Israel 
Mellanox Technologies India Private Limited                              India 
Mellanox Technologies Silicon Photonics, Inc. (fka Kotura, Inc.)         United States 
Mellanox Technologies Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)                    Singapore 
Mellanox Technologies Sweden AB (fka OptiGOT AB)                         Sweden 
Mellanox Technologies UK Holdings Ltd.                                   United Kingdom 
Mellanox Technologies UK Ltd. 
(fka Voltaire (UK) Ltd.)                                                 United Kingdom 
Mellanox Technologies Ukraine LLC                                        Ukraine 
Mellanox Technologies, Inc                                               United States 
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd                                               Israel 
NVentures LLC                                                            United States 
NVIDIA (BVI) Holdings Limited                                            Virgin Islands, British 
NVIDIA ARC GmbH                                                          Germany 
NVIDIA Brasil Computação Visual Limitada                                 Brazil 
NVIDIA Bulgaria EOOD                                                     Bulgaria 
NVIDIA Corporation                                                       United States 
NV Computing Mexico S de RL de CV                                        Mexico 
NVIDIA Development France SAS                                            France 
NVIDIA Development UK Limited                                            United Kingdom 
NVIDIA Development, Inc.                                                 Canada 
NVIDIA Dutch B.V.                                                        Netherlands 
NVIDIA Entertainment Devices (Shanghai) Co., Ltd                         China 
NVIDIA FZ-LLC                                                            United Arab Emirates 
<<<

                                                                                                            EXHIBIT 21.1 
                                    LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES 

NVIDIA GK                                                                Japan 
NVIDIA GmbH                                                              Germany 
NVIDIA Graphics Holding Company                                          Mauritius 
NVIDIA Graphics Private Limited                                          India 
NVIDIA Helsinki Oy                                                       Finland 
NVIDIA Hong Kong Development Limited                                     Hong Kong 
NVIDIA Hong Kong Holdings Limited                                        Hong Kong 
NVIDIA International Holdings Inc.                                       United States 
NVIDIA International, Inc.                                               United States 
NVIDIA International Technology LLC                                      United States 
NVIDIA Israel Technologies Ltd (fka NVIDIA Israel Ltd)                   Israel 
NVIDIA Italy S.r.l.                                                       Italy 
NVIDIA Ltd.                                                              United Kingdom 
NVIDIA New Zealand Limited                                               New Zealand 
NVIDIA Poland sp.z o.o                                                   Poland 
NVIDIA Pty Limited                                                       Australia 
NVIDIA Saudi Limited                                                      Saudi Arabia 
NVIDIA Semiconductor (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                 China 
NVIDIA Semiconductor Holding Company                                     Mauritius 
NVIDIA Semiconductor Shenzhen Holding Company                             Mauritius 
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technical Service (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.               China 
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                       China 
NVIDIA Semiconductor Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                      China 
NVIDIA Singapore Development Pte. Ltd.                                    Singapore 
NVIDIA Singapore Pte Ltd                                                  Singapore 
NVIDIA Switzerland AG                                                     Switzerland 
NVIDIA Technical Service (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                              China 
NVIDIA Technology UK Limited                                              United Kingdom 
NVIDIA (Thailand) Ltd                                                     Thailand 
Oski Technology Hungary Korlátolt Felelősségű Társaság                    Hungary 
Oski Technology, Inc                                                      United States 
Oski Technology Private Limited                                           India 
SwiftStack, Inc                                                           United States 
VC Worldwide Ltd.                                                         Virgin Islands, British 
<<<

                                                                                                                            EXHIBIT 23.1 

                             CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-237390) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-74905, 
333-51520, 333-74868, 333-100010, 333-106191, 333-114375, 333-123933, 333-132493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625, 333-185036, 333- 
188775, 333-196259, 333-211615, 333-229774, 333-237833, 333-239164, 333-249570, and 333-259044) of NVIDIA Corporation of our report dated 
March 17, 2022 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 San Jose, California 
March 17, 2022 
<<<

                                                                                                                                         EXHIBIT 31.1 

                                                                   CERTIFICATION 

I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make 
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by 
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in 
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 
15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, 
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially 
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to 
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting. 

Date: March 17, 2022 

/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG 
Jen-Hsun Huang 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
<<<

                                                                                                                                         EXHIBIT 31.2 

                                                                   CERTIFICATION 

I, Colette M. Kress, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make 
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by 
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in 
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 
15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to 
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, 
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our 
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the 
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent 
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially 
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to 
the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably 
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control 
over financial reporting. 

 Date: March 17, 2022 

/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
<<<

                                                                                                                                     EXHIBIT 32.1 

                                                                CERTIFICATION 

    Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and Section 
1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen-Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive Officer of NVIDIA 
Corporation (the "Company"), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 

1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the 
"Periodic Report"), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the 
period covered by the Periodic Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report. 

Date: March 17, 2022 

/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG 
Jen-Hsun Huang 
President and Chief Executive Officer 

    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will be 
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

    This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to 
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made 
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
<<<

                                                                                                                                     EXHIBIT 32.2 

                                                                 CERTIFICATION 

    Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and Section 
1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
of NVIDIA Corporation (the "Company"), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge: 

1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the 
"Periodic Report"), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of the 
period covered by the Periodic Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report. 

Date: March 17, 2022 

/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will be 
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

    This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to 
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made 
before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
<<<